Lagos State government has attacked a BBC journalist
Lagos State government officials attacked the BBC journalist and seized his equipment.
car is passing by
The BBC journalist's equipment have been seized by these government agents
The Lagos State Minsitry of Environment has seized a British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) journalist's equipment and removed all his evidences and used them as fugitive.
These government departments came to a mechanic workshop, which is adjacent to a trash dump called Olushosun.
The Lagos State government has decided to shut down the Olushosun area for a fire inside a garbage dump over the past week.
it was when they came to work that they seized the equipment of BBC journalist, Joshua Ajayi.
Mr. Ajayi was consoling the victims when he was attacked by government officials.
Other stories that you would like
A moving Uber car killed someone
What will the government do for garbage disposal?
These were led by Awoniyi Joshua, who served as deputy chief of the Lagos State government
Mr. Joshua authorized his workers to close down the garage, even though people were pleading for the parking lot to be evacuated.
many of the car workers try to evacuate the cars in the area.
BBC has started broadcasting in four Nigerian languages. 
The device was later returned to the BBC journalist in the evening, but only after Lagos state media advisor Idowu Ajanaku intervened.
Lagos State Secretary, Abiodun Bamgboye, while keeping the government accountable for the actions of their employees, asked journalists to be careful when intervening in such cases, as it could lead to chaos, especially now election is coming to a close.
But he does not explain why Ajay's device was taken from him, or how they developed it and removed the images and photos.
Earlier, the deputy head of automotive business, Olaniyi Adeoti, told the BBC that the council had a meeting with these governments agent an hour before they came to shut down their workplace.
Where do we get our food, and where do you want us to go?
The government promised us change but we are suffering. 
"They are punishing us, they should give us time to evacuate these cars.
Automobile shops are up to 45",
he said when he took the BBC round the workshop.
Mr Adeoti said that the workers will not be safe if the government shut down the area.
Another person, name withheld, said that their problems are due to Lagos state government's involvement in the motor services sector.
An eyewitness reported that the shut down of dump site ordered by the Lagos state governor Akinwunmi Ambode, was in Olushosun and never at the mechanic workshop.
Houses around Olushosun community have been plagued by health problems due to smoke from the fire since last week.
Now, the residents are suffering.
On Friday, Ambode said that Olushosun's closure was because the location was not a place to live.
Prisoners have written an examination called UTME to enter the university.
BBC Igbo visited the prison in Ikoyi, Lagos where they took the UTME examination.
An interesting story: Posted by Jessica Nwankwo.
Ike Ekweremmadu "lied and hid his riches".
The federal government has accused Senator Ike Ekweremmadu of hiding his properties.
Ike Ekweremmadu studied Law in university of Nigeria in Enugu State.
The federal government has sued the senate vice president, Ike Ekweremmadu in the Abuja high Court to shut down some of his properties in Nigeria and abroad .
They said that he refused to disclose his wealth to the Code of God before he took office.
Among these properties (houses), 9 are in Nigeria, 8 are in Dubai, 3 are in Florida and 2 are in London.
Ekweremmadu: Members of parliament are tired.
Saraki will return to court.
Director of investigation and restitution of the Nigerian economy, Okoi Obono-Obla said that Ekweremmadu had not disclosed all of his assets in a July 2007 and 2015 statement.
The team through attorney Festus Keyamo, told the court that was investigating Ekweremmadu to comply with the provisions of the Code of Conduct.
They had filed a complaint with the court stating that Ekweremadu's properties will be closed until they were finalized.
Political accusations
Ekweremadu, through his adviser to the media, Uche Anichukwu said that all his assets had been disclosed to the Code of Conduct bureau as provided in the law.
"The investigators who asked for the affidavit were given but they did not want to look into it.
Senators have told the solicitors for this, and they will meet in court. 
Stories you would like:nHow much does the court cost?
Mikel will not be competing in Poland
The BBC's efforts to get Ekweremadu's members and members of the Code of Conduct were unfounded, as they did not answer their phone.
Remember that the Senate President, Bukola Saraki is still defending himself against the same economic allegations.
Meaning that two Sebate leaders are in the midst of their economic crisis.
A group of prostitutes has been arrested by the Spanish police
Reports indicate that the women who had been evacuated from the group lived in an area where animals are not expected to live in.
Black people working at nights in European countries are different. 
Spanish policemen have released about 39 women from Nigeria who were imported to Spain for prostitution.
Many of the women released are children who were abducted in Nigeria and forced into the profession.
Europol , one of the European police has been reported to have found the women living in a cave where the group has arrested them.
and they say that the women were asked to work by the group so as to pay back 30 million euros they were accused of.
About eighty-nine people have been arrested in the case, including a prominent Nigerian musician though his name has not been released.
He was arrested while returning to Nigeria from Spain after completing his music video.
An interesting story:
China and America are challenging
A hostage has died in France
Bill Gate could not address this well — Expertise
20 countries have joined in the expulsion of the Russians
Australia has joined up to 20 countries that expelled Russian nationals from their country for poisoning.
Malcom Turnbull
Australian President Turnbull said that the character is due to Russian actions
Australia has become the latest country to expel Russian nationals working as private investigators to prepare the UK for poisoning the former Russian intelligence analyst in the UK.
Australian President Malcolm Turnbull said the poison given in Salisbury was a nationwide war.
More than 100 Russian workers were evacuated from the US and EU yesterday.
Russia has vowed to respond to all the nations that have expelled their own people.
Russia will expel 23 UK workers
Putin will rule Russia for another six years
Russia has denied their involvement in the poison given to Sergei Skripa and her daughter, Yulia in Salisbury in the southwestern part of England. Investigators said the victims were still in critical condition at the hospital.
Australia is firing two people who are anonymous investigators.
An interesting story: Four people want to take Buhari's status
What is the issue of Nigeria's relationship with Boko Haram?
I don't want to hope for a guy/man to give me money '
Court asked Abaribe to bring out Nnamdi Kanu
Nigeria's Supreme Court has called on Enyinnaya Abaribe to bring out Nnamdi Kanu or he will go to jail
Nnamdi Kanu, in a court in Abuja.
Abaribe, El-Shalom and Tochukwu Uchendụ testified to Nnamdi Kanu when he was arrested.
Supreme Court where Binta Nyako is the chief justice has ordered Enyinnaya Abaribe and two others to bring Nnamdi Kanu to court during his next trial in June or they will go to prison.
Abaribe, a Jewish priest El-Shalom and a resident of Abuja, Tochukwu Uchendu, testified to Nnamdi Kanu's case which led to his release from the prison
Kanu is a person who has been prosecuted against the Nigerian government who has been wanted since September, 2017 after the Nigerian army raided their home using a Python dance in the area.
As the case was brought up, defense attorney Chukwuma Machukwu Umeh, said they had not been issued a court order stating the fire orders issued by the judge.
Other interesting stories 
Currency fluctuation: Has dollar reduced close to naira?
Monkey has driven people out of Lagos
Atiku is involved in 2019 election. 
Listen to yesterday's story in one minute
Film
On Facebook Live, we discussed about Igbo Voter's apathy.
Ugandan press: Report on assault and get a bottle of alcohol
Ugandan journalists have upset people over comments they made about giving bottles of wine to the victims.
The Daily Monitors have apologized to the people for their comments
The Daily Monitor in Uganda has annoyed people in social media with their comments on the women who were raped.
In their memo, they say that any woman who was raped and will be able to send them reports on her experience will have access to one of the expensive bottles of wine. "
According to the Ugandan government's report last year, more than one in five women aged 15 to 49 has been raped.
But the Daily Monitor said that another report showed that the number of women who were assaulted was much higher.
According to them, it is up to 51 percent who will experience torture from their male partners.
Earlier in the month of March, people criticized a Ugandan legislator for saying in a video that as a man, you should beat your wife. "
You should touch her lightly, beat her so as to adjust her behavior.
An interesting story 
Why did Buhari come to Lagos?
Airline passengers could not travel today
melaye wants to file a complaint against the DPO
Ever since people were involved in the matter, the Daily Monitor has apologized for any 'misunderstandings' their posts have brought to the public.
They have deleted what they wrote, but it has not stopped some people from expressing their anger.
Do you know how to prepare African salad? 
African salad is one of the special foods in Igbo. The following steps are how to prepare delicious African salad 
African salad 
Enugu state is well known with African salad 
African salad is a delicacy everyone enjoys eating. The food comes from the Igbo, but it is well known in the Enugu state.
Both the dried and undried ones can be used to prepare it. It is made out from cassava root
After cooking it, it will be cut into pieces. Later, it will be added in a cold water, where it will cool overnight. After washing it, sun dry or eat it without sundrying.
Do you know a few things about Igbo soup?
look at the variety of foods produced from cassava root. 
African salad is not always hard to learn. See how it is done (but also know that different towns have their own way of preparing it).
Ingredients for preparing it
Oil
Oil bean 
Ground crayfish
Pepper and onions 
Garden egg/sliced garden egg leaves 
Vegetable
A spicy 
Locust beans
Thickener 
Dry African salad 
Fish
Other spices 
African salad is gotten from cassava root
How to prepare it 
The most delicious African salad is based on a variety of ingredients added. You have to follow a small process to get what you need.
Let's start
Put the African salad in a warm water, wait for three minutes, pour in a sieve, and put in a bowl
Pour vegetable oil inside the pot, add thickener, stir very well and add "Ehu-a spicy" (optional) 
Add pepper, onions and other ingredients and stir very well
Add African salad to the pot and stir everything together 
Add salt or other spices that will be needed 
Boil it (5/10 seconds) if you want it to be warm
Food is ready
Dish out the food on a plate, add things like garden egg, fish and meat as you like.
There is another way to prepare it
Bring a thickener. Put it in a bowl, add a glass of cold water and stir it properly
Add oil, and stir it until it is foamy
Add African salad in it and start stirring 
Be adding water as needed 
Dish it out on a plate and add fish, meat, kpomo or stockfish and other things that will make it delicious. 
If it is icedfish, fried or roasted it. 
If it is a stockfish or dry fish, put it in hot water and remove the bones in the dry fish.
Eat with whatever you want
Enjoy your food, and dillute it with palm wine. You will agree that it is delicious!
An interesting story 
What you don't know about breadfruit you eat
You know how to prepare melon soup? Learn it here
A gunwoman has injured three people at YouTube company 
Two people have been injured by a bullet while one broke his leg while running on a Youtube attack.
Policeman in front of Youtube Company
Youtube is a company under Google
Policemen in northern California have reported that a woman with a gun had injured three people at a YouTube video studio before committing suicide.
American journalists have named the woman as Nasim Aghadam and said the attack was a family feud.
A man who was among the victims was thought to be his corporate boyfriend, CBS says.
Two girls (32 years and 27 respectively) were injured in the attack.
Despite what the journalists are saying, the policemen have not yet released why the gunwomen attacked people in YouTube company.
Youtube staff explained what was happening on air. 
Aghadam criticized Youtube for not producing his images on YouTube.
An interesting story 
Conte might be replaced by five referees
Ibrahimovic has joined LA Galaxy in gold
a brother has been killed by his brother in Sango Ota
Do you know that in Igbo land, kolanut is not blessed using the English language?
There is a saying in Igbo which says that he who brings kola, brings life. Therefore, kolanut is very important in Igbo culture.
Igbo kolanut 
"He who brings kola, brings life" 
Kolanut is one thing you will find in every ceremony in Igbo land.
Kolanut and breaking of kolanut are important in Igbo culture, because Igbo people say that he who brings kola brings life"
Some Igbo people believe that kolanut means "Culture which binds Igbo together."
How to get kolanut 
Kolanut is a seed-based plant that grows on its own.
Kolanut tree can grow at home or in the forest.
There are types of kolanut 
There are many different types of kolanut, some are based on how they germinate.
In Nigeria, e nwere Igbo kolanut, Hausa kolanut and Yoruba kolanut in the western part of Nigeria 
Igbo kolanuts usually range from one to seven pieces.
Igbo people respects kolanut that has seven pieces, and some even kill chickens whenever they see such kolanut.
Hausa kolanut 
Kolanut has different names 
"Eagles" kolanuts are white in color. 
"Ikenga" kolanuts contain three pieces in one seed, usually red. 
Hausa kolanut is known as 'gworo' which has only two pieces 
Importance of kolanut 
Kolanuts are very important and have so many uses in Igbo cultures such as:
In Igbo, kolanut can be used during traditional marriage 
Kolanut is used for hospitality 
Kolanut is used to resolve conflicts between people
Kolanut is used to pray
Kolanut is be used for sacrifices 
Kolanut is used in oath taking 
Kolanut is used in burial ceremony 
In Igbo land, showing hospitality is an expression of warmth, trust, and deep affection.
Things to be eaten together with kolanut 
In the Igbo culture, there are other things one can eat together with kolanut. 
Alligator pepper 
Bitter kola
Mmịmị
Some use a kind of chalk gotten from the soil as kolanut 
Grounded alligator pepper 
Breaking of kolanut 
Before breaking kolanut in Igbo, it should be prayed over. It is mandatory that the eldest one will pray, while some allow the youngest to pray and share it as well.
A man does not break kolanut at his father-in-law's residence, neither will he do such in the midst of his elders unless permission is granted.
It is also mandatory for a woman not to break kolanut in Igbo.
Women and kolanut 
In Igbo, a woman does not climb a kolanut tree neither will she pluck down a kolanut from its tree 
A woman does not pray over kolanut.
A woman does not climb a kolanut tree but she sells kolanut 
a woman would not be allowed to collect her share of kolanut if all men in the gathering have not collected theirs. 
Some even go to the extent of giving kolanut to a woman so that she will not have the opportunity to collect it from the plate.
Watch the movie to see how Pete Edochie prayed over the kolanut for Igbo BBC
The coming of the church did not prevent people from praying with kolanut as they were doing in the olden days.
Here are 10 poor foods that the rich are now eating. 
Some of the foods formerly known as the poor are now eaten by the rich because of health issues.
In Nigeria, about 30 or 40 years ago, some of these foods were meant for the poor.
Most of these foods are foods people either get from their farms or buy cheaply in the market because demands are not much.
Nowadays, these foods are being consumed by the rich because of the high rate of diseases such as high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, cancer and obesity.
In 2008, the World Health Organization investigated on a study which shows that out of 11.2 percent of Nigerians, 169 million had hypertension while 2.7 percent had diabetes.
The panic is the reason why so many people are returning to the once-despised diet. Nowadays, these foods are so expensive that the poor cannot afford them.
Here are 10 of the foods:
Iced fish
Iced fish was once seen as a poor food
More than thirty years ago, iced fish were used to cook in poor homes, schools or when there was no money, while beef or chicken were for the rich.
Lagos resident Kingsley Udofa described how iced fish was not recognized as a good food: "There was a time in Nigeria when iced fish was meant for the poor."
At that time, iced fish were labeled with bad names such as 'Dead Fish'. People stopped buying and eating it. 
Now, things have changed. Iced fish are too costly in the market because many people including the rich buy it.
What you don't know about breadfruit you eat
What does melon soup give to the body?
Do you know how to prepare African salad? Learn it here
According to Minister of Agriculture, Sen Heineken Lokpobiri, Nigerians consume up to 3.2 million metric tons of fish annually, importing more than 80 percent.
Be aware that 10,000 metric tons means 300,034 containers.
Cocoyam
Cocoyam is very expensive 
The poor eat different species of cocoyam during famines because they have no money to buy tubers of yam.
But now, cocoyam is expensive because everybody eats it.
Apart from some communities that take foo foo as their main food, others who do not eat it due to diseases like diabetes, hypertension and obesity go for cocoyam. Thus, making its demand to be high.
who took Zakzaky to court was the Kaduna government who accused him of killing a Nigerian soldier when his followers and the soldiers were in trouble in 2015
Federal government, does it prefer a court decision?
Important story today: Release Elzakzaky - Shiite
We arrested one hundred and fifteen Shiites members- Police
two other suspects Yakoub Yahaya Katsina and Sansi Abdulkadar Koki did not appear in court today.
In court, Zakzaky was acquitted of the charges, but said he was not involved
Maxwell Kenyon, Zakzaky's attorney, asked the court to release him from prison, but the judge disagreed
Judge Kurada asked Kenyon to write down what he wanted
A Kaduna government spokesman said the court should allow the DSS to arrest Zakzaky.
Justice agrees that Zakzaky Abuja should be restored.
And the court further stated that on June 21 they will put another verdict in the case.
However, the Shiites objected to this move.
In their book, Abdulhamid Bello, one of their leaders, said they would continue to protest.
We are to blame the federal government if something happened to Zakzaky, Bello said.
our wedding dress
Marriage is an important thing in Igbo.
What kind of clothes do our people wear?
Igbo dresses are very unique
Getting married is a great journey in one's life.
It's something that few people want to get their hands on before leaving the world.
In Igbo land, a man who wants to marry knows that he is not going to marry only his wife.
He is marrying all his people
In the same way, the bride is also married to her husband's people.
As a result, everyone from both families cooperates to make sure that the ceremony related  is successful.
Ụmụnya road, is it difficult for the government to fix? 
Unity, has it been in the land of Ozalla?
The great thing in marriage is the dress they wear and the ones for the guests.
These are the different clothes our people wear in Igbo land.
Special costumes
The dress of a bride is different because everyone watches her on the day.
And a man's attire is different as well.
Everyone watches the bride on that day 
A lot of brides do wear shirts and skirts.
It's not compulsory that the clothes will have one colour, but the colour of a bride's dress will complement each other
The sleeves of this shirt can stop anywhere.
It could be decorated with various jewelry.
Gowns are the type of dress that appeal to the bride and her maids. Married women usually tie wrappers.
Men wear shirts and trousers
Some tie wrapper on their waists
Headtie
This is another important wedding dress according to Igbo culture.
Horsetail , caps and necklaces are some of the ornaments
A woman may wear a scarf. 
Jewelry can be added to the bride's scarf to make it look attractive.
A man wears a cap.
It may be a yellow, red and other hats.
Jewelry, shoes and more. 
A wedding garment is not complete if there is no jewelry.
Silver , gold, coral and jewelry added to clothes.
They are many. 
A woman and a man are wearing necklace and bangle.
Again, a woman and a man can use a horse tail.
A woman can also use handfan if she wishes
With respect to shoes, women wear beautiful shoes.
some clothes seem to be high or low for them to have a chance to dance
Men's clothe is made of leather
Staff makes male fashion
Finally, a man can hold his walking staff
Stories that will interest you
will you have this kind of tribal marks our forefathers had in the olden days
Things you should not do close to an Igbo man
the value of a woman is not the kitchen 
Will the 2018 Nigerian budget help youth?
After signing up for the Nigerian Budget, we look forward to seeing how different categories are allocated
House of Senate
Buhari gave 2018 budget to the Senate for the past six months.
On Tuesday, May 15, the Nigerian Senate signed a bill that would rule the 2018 Budget.
According to the budget, Nigeria would spend 9.120,334,988,225 naira, 500 naira more on the loan issued by President Muhammadu Buhari.
The president gave them tarry of 8.612.
And the evidence is that the government has emphasized in its statement that it will focus on community development while the Departments of Electricity, Labor and Housing  are the largest revenue earners in the budget with extra 682 billion naira.
Buhari's seven promises and what he did
I tried - Buhari
Similarly, the tourism department received $ 251 billion on top.
The president and the APC executives have just a few months to show Nigerians if they have good ambition 
Others are the 157 billion in the health sector; the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development received $ 149 billion extra; the water department got 147 billion naira; the Commerce Department earned extra 105 billion naira in sales.
Those at the lowest level are the Department of Education and Health.
The Education sector got 102 billion naira while Health received 86 billion naira.
The Niger Delta sector received 58,082,611,977 billion of the total, while department of Environment least of the money .
They got 17 billion naira on top.
The Ministries of works, electricity and housing received more money from 2018 Budget. 
"Another indication which shows that the government concentrated on projects development is how they gave the Department of 'Special Intervention Program' 150 billion naira"
Grants and donor funded projects worth $ 169 billion, and the so-called zonal intervention projects" earned 100 billion naira. "
Youth activities
The youth will benefit from the services that can come from the money invested in the service sector.
The benefits will be through the construction of roads and houses.
Remember that the ruling party APC has promised to create three million jobs during their campaign in 2015.
Babatunde Fashola is the Minister of works
As the 2019 general election is approved, the Buhari government will require to fulfill their pledges, which will ensure that the services they are guaranteed are completed before the elections begin.
A story that will interest you 
Has food prices gone down?
Recent reports: The court has canceled Omo-Agege's termination
The court has released Dino
What the "Restoration Group" commented on Okorocha
The Restoration Group said "they were forced to appeal to Governor Rochas before the APC's house was burned down" 
We are not afraid of Okorocha - the APC Imo separatists
The APC in Imo State is famous as the so-called Restoration Group" said that they are not afraid of Rochas Okorocha."
The controversy over who will succeed the APC Imo as governor in the 2019 general election still remains.
Remember that the issue was obvious this month, when they had "Congress" to appoint a candidate from the party who will contest for governor."
Today, one of the separatists of APC called on journalists at the headquarters to express their views on the rivalry between APC members of the Imo state. According to APC spokesman, TOE Ekechi, they accuse Governor Okorocha of repeatedly violating them.
Who will be the Governor of Imo Steet in 2019?
Can Okorocha afford his son-in-law to become the Governor of Imo State?
“Four people have been arrested for stealing APC election votes. Ekechi said "Okorocha has consumed all the funds in Imo state, and the Igbo and APC have rejected Okorocha in Imo State." He went on to accuse Okorocha and Imo state legislature of not doing any work in the state.
"Ekechi said that they had about 40 videos which would serve as evidence in the election Congress made in Imo state."
Restoration Group members said that they will return to Imo for election. 
They also said that Okorocha did not come back during the election because he was trying to ensure that his son-in-law takes over the governorship post in 2019.
The group also alleged that Okorocha was not honest when he mentioned that people were not part of the party. 
BBC Igbo asked Secretary to Governor Okorocha Governor Sam Onwuemeodo his view concerning everything the Restoration Group was saying but he told us nothing. 
They are exhausted, Onwuemeodo told us. Ekechi and his team said that they will come to Imo state for tomorrow's election being on May 18th.
An interesting story 
Orthopedic Hospital, Enugu looks like a battlefield 
Will the 2018 budget help the youth?
Does the federal government choose a court decision?
We do not want Buhari and Atiku - One Hausa group. 
The group, who previously said that Igbo people living in the northern part of Nigeria should go home, had said that they neither want Buhari nor Atika to become the president.
Muhammadu Buhari 
Muhamad Buhari has gone to the hospital severally due to his health issue. 
The Coalition of Northern Groups told President Muhammadu Buhuri and former Vice President of Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar that it would be good if both of them withdraw from contesting for 2019 presidential election.
This group said that they were asserting that both Buhari and Atiku were more than 70 years old and that young people should be the ones who would rule the country now and in the future.
2019: 'Igbo people do not support Buhari'
Atiku is interested in 2019 rivalry. 
They said that the former leaders who are now old are the most corrupt Nigerians, and it is time for the youths to take Nigerians to the promised land.
The group made this statement at the end of their meeting in Kaduna on Monday.
Atiku Abubakar has tried several times to become Nigerian president
Recall that it was this group who asked the Igbo living in the northern part of Nigeria to go home 
but the spokesman to the government, Garba Shehu has responded to this group.
Shehu said that there is no law in Nigeria which said that someone who is more than 70 years of age cannot contest for the post of Nigerian president.
Atiku Abubakar has not said anything yet concerning the matter.
The group also said that their priority was for the government to look into the issue of independence called referendum.
Olisa Metuh has failed in court
The police had dispersed the IPOB in Awka
Bob manuel: The Igbo are being persecuted in Nigeria
A prominent Nigerian man in the film industry, Bobmanuel Odogwu has voiced his opinion on the situation of Igbo people in Nigeria.
Nollywood actor, Bobmanuel Odogwu has said that the condition of the Igbo people in Nigeria is unfortunate.
He said this when he had a conversation with BBC Igbo in Enugu.
Odogwu said that the Igbo were the first people in Nigeria, but they were persecuted and pushed to the side.
He said that after the Biafran war, the Igbo were deprived of their property.
But within the 40 years, the Igbo started flourishing 
He went on to urge the Igbo to remain united and be part of the Nigerian politics with the right attitude.
Ebuka: Prince William and I are friends
Ebuka Obi-Uchendu explains why his name was heard on Twitter on Harry and Meghan's wedding day.
Ebuka Obi-Uchendu, a celebrity and a photographer, told the BBC why his name was heard on Harry and Meghan's wedding day.
Courtesy: Jessica Nwankwo
Here's what Nigerian kids need most now
On Children's Day, Nigerian children have said what they want the federal government to do for them.
Every May 27 of each year is a special day dedicated to commemorating all children in Nigeria.
as they were celebrating Children's Day in 2018, Nigerian children have said what they want from the federal government.
The federal government as well as the international child protection agency, UNICEF have said that they will do everything in their power to stop child abuse.
See how people remember kids today
Today, many people remember children in different ways as the world commemorates children.
A student 
children are the future of Nigeria but people said that they are not getting the right kind of education in Nigeria. 
President Buhari started the program with a letter to the children where many prominent people joined in commemorating children, especially those in distress.
Some went to where the victims of Boko Haram camped while some went to other places.
Amalu Ngozi shows how the program took place in Enugu stadium today.
what President Buhari has said about children today
Buhari: Fight against child abuse
Here is a picture posted on Twitter from the office of the president showing how he remembers the kids;
On his part, the senate president, Bukola Saraki said that he went to where the victims live in Benue state,
He said that the children have no reason to be there but that they are future Nigerians.
On the other hand, former Vice president, Atiku Abubakar took to his twitter account that children should be remembered in order to make them happy.
The winner of the 2018 BBN movie, Miracle Ikechukwu did not hesitate to post his own message and was with some of the children. He said that our hopes will be fulfilled in the future if children are taken good care of.
Oluyemi Fasipe wrote his own message and said he reminds all Nigerians and foreigners about Leah Sharibu who was abducted by Boko Haram and has never returned.
He said that other children are with their parents but this little girl is not with her parents, let not forget her.
Deekachy wrote a heartbreaking story about a 9-year-old pregnant girl who he claimed to have seen during child birth.
He explained that the little girl had been married at the age of eight years and he thanked such children.
Osinachi is making fun as he thanks everyone who has reached the age of 20 but still in the care of his parents as a child.
See what kids need today, being their day.
An interesting story 
Latest news: Ipob welcomes Buhari 2019
The Igbo will ask Buhari again '
The Benue did not welcome Buhari
A Malian who climbed to save a child has become a Frenchman
French President, Emmanuel Macron has given Mr. Gassama a permit to become a French citizen.
Gassama and Macron
Gassama and Macron met today 
A Malian refugee in France has been called a hero for his efforts to save a four-year-old boy from falling down from a storey building.
In the same way, French president, Emmanuel Macron has conferred Mamoudu Gassama a Frenchman.
Mamoudu Gassama was appreciated for saving the life of the baby
France: A police officer is dead
16 people have been injured in France
French video shows him climbing the tower and people yelling for encouragement.
After meeting Emmanuel Macron in the French capital, Elysee Palace, he said that Gassam would become a Frenchman.
he went on to appreciate Gassama, gave him gold and said he would be given a job in a fire service sector.
The Gassama emergency response took place in the French capital, Paris, on May 27.
Gassama showed the license granted to him
Mr. Gassama said that he was passing by when he saw people gathered in front of the house.
As I brought down the baby, I asked him why he did that, but he did not answer, Gassama said.
Paris firefighters said that when they reached the scene, they found out that the baby has been rescued.
Mr. Gassama's story is similar to what another Malian, Lassana Bathily did in 2015 when terrorists attacked where people sell food.
Mr. Bathily assisted six men as he took them to a hiding place and fled to the police.
An interesting story 
Enugu will be the cleanest city - Ugwuanyi
Lai Mohammed: Buhari has done well
What President Buhari has said about children today
Latest news this morning: Serena Williams is awake again
Tennis star, Serena Williams is shining again.
Today's most important stories:
Serena Williams shines again 
The 36-year-old serena is currently in third place in the French Open
Tennis star Serena Williams says the world should expect what she's made of in future.
Serena, who defeated Australia's Ashleigh Barty, said she would do far better than she ever did before giving birth to a baby boy who prevented her from performing well.
Rochas is not in the APC gathering. 
Owelle Rochas is the governor of Imo state 
Owelle Rochas was wanted in the APC gathering in Abuja yesterday while other APC executives were present
Owelle said that the meeting was in vain if the chairman of the APC South East was not available.
Remember that recently, Rochas and his team started having disputes.
Boko Haram has killed five soldiers in Bornu. 
Insurgents continue to fight Boko Haram in Nigeria
Yesterday, in Bornu state, Boko Haram attacked and killed five Nigerian soldiers.
Texas Chukwu, the Nigerian military spokesman said this when he said that the criminals involved in the Lafia operation  fought back.
Okorocha was not in the APC executive meeting. 
Nigerian soldiers has held three lorries carrying bullets
People's motives in remembering Biafra
Criticism has followed Trump's increase of tax
President Donald Trump 
Critics have followed in the tax President Trump added on foreign trade.
Trump raised taxes on imports from the EU, Canada and Mexico, who have vowed to retaliate.
Listen to early morning stories 
Today's movie:
Okorocha was not in the APC meeting in Abuja . 
The Imo state governor has asserted that any meeting he did not approve of should not be accepted as the APC delegates gathered in Abuja.
Owelle Rochas Okorocha 
As South East APC members unite in Abuja with a plan called "the South East Zonal Executive Committe", which they came to organize on how their party could be a great one, Imo state Governor Rochas Okorocha said he was not involved.
Okorocha, as the only APC governor in Igbo, is seen as the APC chairman in eastern Nigeria said that the meeting was in vain since he was not involved.
BBC Igbo Live: Markets were dried because of Biafran day
Imo state will not provide any land for cattle ranchers
The organizer of the meeting is the South East APC vice chairman, Emma Eneukwu, who said that the period when Igbo were divided has gone.
Those who attended the meeting include: Ken Nnamani, Jim Nwobodo, Orji Kalu, Sullivan Chime, Martins Elechi, Ben Uwajimogu and others.
Okorocha's spokesman, Sam Onwuemeodo said: If Okorocha was in the meeting, then it effective.
but there will be no APC meeting in eastern Nigeria if the chairman of the party is not involved.
"This means that they are wasting their time" 
Remember that Okorocha and some APC members in his state are having problems because he wants his son-in-law to become the Governor of the state.
The film that features what the comedian, Uche Ogbuagu said about his journey during Rochas administration.
What did Rochas went to do in Daura yesterday? 
APC fire: PDP did this thing - Onwuemeodo
Super Eagles' attire is now an 'illegal market'
Super Eagles' uniform is finished in the market which shows people love it.
Reports in London show that people queued in London are waiting for the Nike supermarket to open today because is the first day Super Eagles' uniform is being sold.
Remember that this is the dress people said that they loved most when photos of different sport teams were released in Russia.
People on Twitter are saying that people are waiting for the Nike supermarket to close up before dawn.
This is why the BBC and London are cross examining people concerning the matter.
on Twitter, @ A01379 got something new.
@conroy_bumpus posted photos showing people on queue.
BBC correspondent Peter Okwoche and himself produced a video showing people on queue.
@ogundamisi said it was only the issue of the dressing that is being discussed in his company.
All these made her not to be surprised when @DoubleEph posted on Twitter that the outfits have finished.
Everything happening now is not accidental.
BBC Igbo has initially asked about the Super Eagles uniforms found in Nigeria while the producers have not yet started selling them.
take a look at one of the fake online clothings.
Some illegal marketers have started selling Nigerian clothings without waiting for Nike company to bring in the goods. 
There are uncountable things a woman cannot do in Igbo but it is important to know that what you are despising are not sacred: A woman should not drink the last palm wine in Igbo culture.
Nnabuihe said, "It is what gives a man strength to do the work meant for him."
In his description, he argued that it is not to oppress people that all these laws were made during the ancient days but that every man, woman, and child has a duty in Igbo society.
An interesting story 
Important news today: China wants to give Nigeria $ 60b
Do not listen to Ipob - Security personnel
Why we allowed David to travel. 
Shekarau who joined PDP has left. 
salisu Yusuf who took bribe of $1000 will pay $5000 worth of money
Recall that BBC released a video showing that it may be taking bribe before selecting who will play for the team.
Salisu Yusuf
Salisu Yusuf took the Super Eagles home team to the 2017 CHAN tournament where they reached the finals
The Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) fined Salisu Yusuf $5000 (£ 5000)for collecting bribe from the footballers.
The NFF has ordered Yusuf to withdraw from all football activities for one year.
Less than few months ago, BBC African Eye released a film by Ghanaian journalist, Anas Arameyaw Anas, secretly showing Yusuf receiving $1,000 worth of gifts, in an attempt to travel with some of the footballers for 2017 African competition.
Picture has shown the Nigerian football coach collecting bribe. 
Football coach, Salisu Yusuf as he takes the money
NFF said that Yusuf took the money intentionally; and his actions embarrassed the department and he needed to be well-mannered, especially for his involvement in the signing of the code of conduct contained when he was employed.
They also said that two candidates who were wanted were Osas Okoro and Rabiu Ali, and would have joined their team in the competition despite the money Yusuf had collected. 
Where it was recorded, the NFF said that he will pay off the $5,000 before three months.
Collins Udoh, former Super Eagles spokesman contributed on the matter on Twitter.
An interesting story 
China wants to give Nigeria $60b
Do not listen to Ipob - Security personnel
Here are ten things that are abomination when a Igbo woman does them
Someone who wants to contest in APC will pay 45 million
Africa-China Cooperation: Nigerians have exposed Buhari. 
Nigerians are not happy about the money borrowed from China by president Muhammadu Buhuri that they are dialoguing about it in social media.
 Nigeria and China congress
On social media, Nigerians have expressed their intentions to president Muhammadu Buhari concerning the money he borrowed from China as he traveled there this week.
Buhari went to China for the China-Africa Cooperation Summit called the 2018 China Beijing Summit of the Forum.
Buhari borrowed up to $328 million from Chinese but it was not accepted by Nigerians.
Buhari has thanked the Chinese president
Why is African fleeing to China?
Africa Free Trade Agreement: Five things you need to know
On Twitter, they came out in mass and told Buhari how they felt.
Idama calculated everything and said that it means that each Nigerian owes 15,000 to the Chinese.
On his part, Olanrewaju Olumoh said that Nigeria's debt is too high, including the new debt.
Abrahama MUFC asks how Nigeria will refund all the borrowed foreign currency to China so that China will not come and reclaim Nigeria.
Darius said Buhari's foundation was not good enough as Crowned Emmanuel was praying for Buhari to live so as to pay off all these debts.
But Mayowa Adeleye is asking to be explained why Buhari's government who agreed to share $322 million stolen by Abacha went and borrowed $328 million in China.
Some supported Buhari's actions
In spite of all the criticism, some said that the president's actions were for the good of the country.
Comrade Abubakar said that the money borrowed from China money was too small to refund, and he further said that Nigeria should continue borrowing to improve the country.
On his part, Yaqoob Qaseem said that it would be a real mistake if Nigerians remove Buhari in the 2019 elections because he has confident in him.
President Buhari said the borrowed money from China was aimed at promoting the Nigerian technology sector.
But Nigerians fear that if the money is not refunded, China will come and take much of Nigeria's wealth as they do in Zambia now.
But the president has told them to hope and trust that the investment will start improving.
An interesting story 
Court has sentenced 113 Boko Haram members to jail
Commemoration of the Biafran war
What do you need to know before accepting a maid? 
EEDC: The government do not keep to their promises
Emeka Ezeh, the head of publicity for the Enugu Electricity Distribution Company (EEDC), said that politicians should not campaign with electric power.
According to the current government, electricity would be frequently if President Buhari is voted in, in 2019.
BBC Igbo asked the head of the Enugu Electricity Distribution Company, Emeka Ezeh about this. He said that it is not just to make a promise but to fulfill it. 
He said that electricity should not be campaigned for as government and politicians campaign with it these days. 
Ezeh said that the government has not kept their promises concerning the electricity since they took the post.
2019 Election: Economist, HSBC gives useless reports-APC
APC has criticized the Economist and HSBC news agencies for their comments on the Nigerian economy in the upcoming 2019 elections.
One sells Buhari's pictures with the APC flag
President Muhammadu Buhari has been supported his party, APC to contest for the 2019 presidential election.
The APC said that two of the UK's forecasts are false.
The Economist's research department, 'The Economist Intelligence Unit,' argued that the APC will not win in the 2019 elections, while HSBC predicted that the Nigerian economy would fail if Nigerian president, Muhammad Buhari wins in the 2019 elections.
Spread out the rightful message/information --Buhari 
Nigerian youths have challenged Buhari
In a message signed by the same press secretary Yekini Nabena, the APC urged Nigerians not to take the message from these two agencies as they said it was a kind of false prediction that was never fulfilled.
We should remember that Nigeria was predicted to separate in 2015, while all the ethnic groups would be independent.
This is four years the false statements were made that Nigeria will separate, it is becoming increasingly difficult as president Buhari is trying to unite our country. 
They went on to say that they are baffled as to why the two agencies have failed to see all the good things that the APC government have done in the fight against corruption, development projects and the fight against terrorism.
APC pointed out that all EFCC funds received from those who stole from the Nigerian economy, the JAMB fund as well as the tax collection agency.
The party said that instead of praising the APC government and joining the media to get back their debts, the two companies reported otherwise.
An interesting story 
Bread: Will its price be raised?
Beverly Osu, was he wrong to wear Catholic clothes?
George Weah has done as a hero
Who is Charles Ogbu that I will reply him?
Femi Adesina
Cristiano Ronaldo is doing well in Juventus
Cristiano Ronaldo has started showing up his talents/worth in his new club, Juventus.
Cristiano Ronaldo 
Juventus bought Ronaldo 99.2 million pounds. 
The Portuguese, Ronaldo has traveled to Italy to start showing his talents when he scored his first Serie A goal today in a Juventus-Sassuolo match.
He scored the first goal in the 50th minutes and then added another goal 15 minutes later.
Sassuolo later scored one goal at the extra time, but Juventus won the match with two goals to one.
Ronaldo is ready to cross Juventus
Ronaldo wants to fight for his reputation. 
Do you know why Ronaldo is currently famous?
This will be Juventus' fourth win in the four competitions this year.
ronaldo had played for 320-minutes before scoring his first goal since his club, Juventus bought him with $99.2 million.
Before the competition, Juventus' coach, Massimilliano Allegri said that he is not bothered if Ronaldo could not score a goal because he has scored at least 23 times in three competitions.
In his words; "I don't expect Ronaldo to do more than what he did in the last three contests."
I think tomorrow may be his day.
Ronaldo scored 44 goals for Real Madrid in the last season's competition, including 15 goals he scored in the Champions League for his third best goal scolar.
Juventus is looking for Champions League trophy they've never won in 20 games.
An interesting story 
Accident in Awgu has claimed four heads
What is the meaning of your night dream?
Where is Kemi Adeosun now? 
Are you owing your tax? 
The higher the earner, the higher the tax, it is the way Andersen Tax explained on how to calculate a person’s tax liability.
Tax authorities in different parts of Nigeria have come to explain on how people can calculate their taxes.
They also explained on how valuable tax is and what to do if your tax return is insufficient.
This video also shows the difference between a civil servant and a tradee.
Courtesy: Jessica Nwankwo
Woman is not for sale. 
Chimamanda Adichie told Igbo BBC about how paying of bride price is compared with how some people see it as business.
It is no doubt that everything Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie says is something that people, the whole world, are exploring.
This led to her comments on paying of bride price- the Igbo cultural practice is still common in the society - Nigerian social media.
The BBC made an effort to hear from the user through conversations and discussions with the journalists about the new Farafina Creative Writing Workshop in Ikoyi, on 24th of September being Monday.
Chimamanda told the BBC that it was a misunderstanding, and she went on to explain the issue of bride price that some people see it that women are being bought or sold.
Listen to her from above.
The story tellers: Chioma Nkemdilim and Nnamdi Agbanelo.
Atiku: Who will be his vice?
The talk of the day is who Atiku will choose to become his Vice.
Some people are waiting for Atiku to name the person he will contest 2019 with.
There are those who think that it would be good for them to call Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala because of her kind of woman.
Others also said that it will Peter Obi, the former governor of Anambra state.
But so far, Atiku has not mentioned any body's name.
BBC Focus on Africa interviewed Atiku Abubakar, on why he was confident of contesting for the fourth time.
Abubakar Abubakar said that firstly, he believed that he was ready to contest and was the first to contest with PDP.
He was asked what he will do if he became the president of Nigeria.
Atiku said that he would reorganize the government of Nigeria, making every state autonomous.
He added that 40 per cent of the youth will be part of his government, because he understands the youth.
An interesting story 
Atiku's victory will unite Nigerians-Igbo
Some people are saying that Atiku's victory in the PDP's house elections took place on October 7.
Some people point out Atiku's victory in the PDP's primary elections in October 7.
Interesting stories
2019 Election: Mr Obasanjo and Atiku's decision.
What does it mean? 
The president's spokesman, Garba Shehu has said that they are not disturbed by Obasanjo's rejection to support Atiku to contest in the presidential election.
Atiku and Obasanjo
The government has posted on their twitter account that it is not surprising that former President, Olusegun Obasanjo switched to supporting Atiku Abubakar.
Atiku is the one who won in the PDP primary election to contest for the presidency.
Garba says, "It wasn't long before Obasanjo and Atiku fought against allegations."
Nigerians will never forget that.
Nigerians have confident in Buhari because they are aware that he is in the office not for his selfish ambition.
Shehu said that both of them are going to fail woefully.
After posting this on Twitter.
See what people replied him.
@ab_akam said that he was baffled as Garba Shehu would file a complaint because Atiku and Obasanjo resolved their dispute.
@JShoremekun said that the world is somehow as Atiku's former spokesman, Garba Shehu talks to him without respect.
@edumontee said politics is not a good thing.
Remember that Obasanjo, Atiku, Bishop Oyedepo, Bishop Kuka and Sheik Gumi held a meeting in Abeokuta, Ogun state in October 11, 2018.
Former president, Olusegun Obasanjo has forgiven his former vice, Atiku Abubakar as he visits his home.
In a meeting today, Obasanjo called Atiku 'the next President'.
Atiku has joined in the 2019 presidential election 
Buhari and Atiku are not 'saviours' to Nigerians
Other attendees of the meeting include former Ogun State governor Otunba Gbenga Daniels, and Uche Secondus, the PDP chairman.
Others are Winners Chapel Bishop, Bishop David Oyedepo, Catholic bishop of Sokoto, Mathew Kukah and Muslim leader, Sheik Ahmed Abubakar Gumi.
Obasanjo will speak to journalists about the outcome of their meeting.
Remember, before that time, Obasanjo said that God would not forgive him if he supports Atiku to become the president.
Atiku thanked Bishop Oyedepo for his special prayer:
And he thanked Obasanjo for accepting him.
Interesting stories 
NBS: The Igbo ladies are performing poorly on academics. 
Ekweremadu: I'm being punished by the government
Last Call for 'Climate Change'
Most recent news:
APC and INEC will tell the court why they did not issue Hope Uzodimma ticket to contest for the Imo state governorship election. 
Obasanjo has already forgiven Atiku, a wealthy man has been kidnapped, and the court has appealed to the APC and INEC regarding Hope Uzodimma.
important news today
The INEC abolished the first primary election conducted to elect a candidate for governorship election in Imo state
The court has appealed to APC and INEC
Abuja high court has called on the APC and INEC to come up with a proposal why they do not want to issue Hope Uzodimma as APC's governor in Imo State.
This court gave APC and INEC two days to respond to this call, or ...
Has Obasanjo forgiven Atiku 
Report has it that the PDP's flag bearer in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar and his boss, Olusagun Obasanjo, have a closed-door meeting this afternoon.
Atiku and Obasanjo are not in good terms since they left office in 2007, though Obasanjo said that he has forgiven him
In abroad 
In 2017, Dewji was seen as the richest man in Africa. 
One rich Tanzanian man has been kidnapped in a restaurant in Dan es Salaam which is the capital of the nation. 
Mohammed Dewji was arrested early this morning when he was coming out from his hotel.
Police are still investigating to find out the perpetrators.
In sports 
He was inaugurated as a knight in November 2012 for his philanthropy
Aston Villa chairman, Sir Doug Ellis died at the age of 94.
Ellis stepped down from the throne as Aston Villa president in 2006.
Let his soul rest in peace if the soul truly rests in peace.
Listen to this evening's episode 
Watch today's video 
Cristiano Ronald is defending himself
Cristiano Ronaldo is still denying the fact that there was not a time he raped Kathryn Mayorga in 2009.
Ronaldo's lawyer maintains that the documents used to accuse Ronaldo was a conspiracy.
The federal government has took Ekweremadu to court 
Ekweremadu was took to court because he did not reveal how much he had before he took the post
The federal government has sued deputy senate president and the candidate representing Akwa Ibom North East, Baseey Akpan.
Both men were accused of not revealing their identities before they came to power.
Anyone who has property overseas will pay taxes
Muhammadu Buhari insists on fighting corruption. 
President Muhammadu Buhari has enacted a law that would make the economy of every Nigerian who has property abroad very hard.
It is expected that a person with such a wealth will declare it in no more than one year and paid its tax.
Whoever does this will be awarded.
Hurrican Michael has devastated the US
Michael hurricane also killed several people along the way before entering the United States
Hurricane Michael has hit Florida in America with speed of over two hundred miles/kilometers.
So far, one has died in a tropical storm that has destroyed many people’s properties.
Listen to this morning's episode 
Watch today's video 
An interesting story 
NLC: We do not believe in twenty four thousand naira
Zamfara primaries: We have those who will contest - APC
PDP: We chose Peter Obi for supporting NotTooYoungToRun
The PDP has come to explain why they chose Peter Obi, the former governor of Anambra state to become Atiku's vice.
Peter Obi 
Peter Obi is the best among all the nominees, as PDP spokesman, Diran Odeyemi told BBC on telephone.
He also said that Atiku and other PDP members did not choose Peter Obi because he's from the South East.
APC has accused Obasanjo because of Atiku 
Some people claimed that Atiku did a good job by appointing Peter Obi because he is an honest man.
It is rumored that Peter Obi himself has opened his own Twitter account today but it is not yet known if it is real.
Atiku won the election in early October
News on Friday is that Atiku Abubakar has chosen the former governor of Anambra state, Peter Obi as his vice.
An anonymous source told BBC that Atiku and Peter Obi had a meeting yesterday.
Obasanjo and Atiku will fail woefully- APC
Restructuring: Osinbajo has replied Atiku 
Recall that it was not long before people began to ask whether Atiku would choose Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Peter Obi, Ike Ekweremadu and Soludo, as his vice in the 2019 election.
Atiku won in the primary as the next presidential candidate of the PDP in early October.
Since then, people are thinking of the person he will choose.
See what people are saying on soshal media:
@adeyanjudedeji said this shows solidarity.
He also used this opportunity and thanked Igbo people.
@TWEETORACLE said that the reason why Atiku chose Peter Obi is because both of them understood how the economy of the country will be fixed.
Interesting stories 
Tonight's top story: Atiku is like a darkness to Buhari - APC
Restructuring: Osinbajo has replied Atiku 
#NoBraDay: Will it stop cancer in women?
Many people in social media are celebrating #NoBraDay without knowing what it implies.
Cancer 
Breast cancer has killed many women 
Twitter and Instagram were over crowded today being the 13th day of October because of #NoBraDay day.
#NoBraDay is a day when women are warned to test/screen their breasts in order to detect cancer at early stage.
Five things you should know about breastfeeding
Allow your baby to suck
The World Health Organization (WHO) wrote that about 1.8 million women were diagnosed with cancer in 2012.
Many women fail to properly examine their breasts
In their letter, they explained that this day was not for women to start exposing their breasts/nakedness.
But on twitter and Instagram, men of different ages came to view photos of women who uploaded their nude pictures .
See what @NamababiaCHAMP wrote when he heard that the day was #NoBraDay.
But many people understood why this anniversary is important.
As @samCode explains, #NoBraDay is a day to remember as well as learn all about breast cancer in women.
In a message @reine_toyosii wrote, she said that she lost her mother in the disease.
Another person, @D_Mezzenger also wrote that his mother died of breast cancer.
Another person is Gerald Okpara sent out a message asking women to fight against cancer.
Other interesting stories 
PDP: We chose Peter Obi for supporting NotTooYoungToRun
APC has accused Obasanjo because of Atiku
Fire has killed people in Abia state 
Nigeria VS Libya: Super Eagles have defeated Libya. 
Amaju Pinnick boasts that the Super Eagles will one day become the best football league in the world.
He's from Enugu State
He founded his party, "National Interest Party (NIP)" in 2017. "
He is also a lawyer in the Supreme Court of Nigeria.
He is also an entrepreneur.
He is contesting for the position of a governor under NIP.
Olufunmilayo Adesanya-Davies
He was born in October 15, 1962.
He is contesting for president under Mass Action Joint Alliance (MAJA) and also, he is the flag bearer of the Coalition of United Political parties (CUPP) in the 2019 elections.
He is a professor in linguistics and a professor in education.
He is an expert on theological matters and has a PhD degree in Theology.
Angela Johnson 
He was born on November 16, 1959.
He is from Abia state
He is a priest and a church secretary.
He's a lawyer 
He is also contesting for president under the party, Alliance for a United Nigeria (AUN).
 Rabia Cengiz
He's a doctor 
He is the chairman and the person contesting for president under National Action Council (NAC).
she is the founder and chairperson of the Women Political Enlistment Campaign.
Nigerian Election 2019: Anambra people are not afraid because the Inec is indomitable 
Anambra's president said the resignation that happened a few days ago would not affect Saturday's election.
Anambra Inec chairman, Nwachukwu Orji said that the delay that was rumored few days would not affect Saturday's election.
Nigerian Election 2019: PDP and APC are blaming each other for the delayed elections
The Electoral Board has extended the election following the meeting that was held at midnight.
Inec chairman 
The INEC has extended the dates on which the presidential, the parliament and the governors' elections should be held.
They said this was because they were not well prepared especially in the distribution of electoral resources and organizing of all relevant things in the elections that were supposed to be held today.
Nigeria Elections 2019: Women want to take away Buhari's position. 
The PDP and the APC accuse themselves of the postponement of the presidential and the federal and state house of assembly elections by Inec.
APC said that it was a plot by Inec and PDP, while the PDP are saying the same thing.
Festus Keyamo, a member of the APC, said it was because the PDP was on the losing track that they had Inec postponed the election.
Uche Secondus, the PDP chairman as had co-authored the paper with Keyamo said that it was the APC and Inec who had already planned it.
PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar was also involved in the postponement of the election.
Atiku told his supporters not to be angry about what happened.
He told them to come out in mass to vote on the 23rd of February and 9th of March.
Remember that many people are already prepared for election.
Different Nigerians have cried bitterly about the postponement 
Tosin Olugbenga is calling on the NYSC to intervene in the matter
Bashir Ahmad said that what the INEC did is not good for Nigerians
Canada: Do you want to 'flee' to this country?
As the election that supposed to be held on 16th February, 2019 was postponed, some people said they wanted to flee to Canada.
Canada
The postponement of the election that supposed to be held on February 16, 2019, led some people to seek for their way to Canada.
It was so popular in social media, that the BBC has released an indication of how one can go.
Imo State Election: 'The Rochas' team hit me hard to declare them winner' - INEC official
An Inec officer who worked in Orlu Local Government Area, Imo State has cried bitterly on how Rochas' team dealt with him for refusing to override the ballot measure.
Ibeawuchi Izuchukwu, the Coalition officer in Orlu, Imo State told BBC Igbo how he had gone through the perils of life in the hands of Rochas' workers Imo state for refusing to change the ballot results.
Izuchukwu told BBC Igbo that Governor Okorocha and his team arrested him, gave him money and ordered him to re-write the vote but when he refused to do so, they mistreated him.
See what he said in the picture.
BBC Igbo interviewed Rochas worker, Ebere Nzewuji, and said it was like Ibeawuchi collected bride from Rochas' enemies to say all those things.
In his words: "His comments were false, and he seemed to have received bribe from other parties to accuse my boss falsely."
On the other hand, BBC Igbo also interviewed Imo state INEC official, Mrs Benson, and said exactly what Ibeawuchi had said.
In his part, the INEC worker, Rotimi Oyekanmi said that they had received complaints about some of the problems in some parts of Imo state but had not heard about Ibeawuchi's issue.
He said that the INEC collation officer in the state had not yet reached Abuja to explain the incident.
President Election 2019: Igbo people in Okota and Oshodi are afraid 
peace has been restored to Oshodi and Okota, Lagos state, but people are still afraid.
peace has been restored in Oshodi and Okota as Oshodi residents (Igbos) and Oshodi traders went to their respective ways.
Early Monday morning on the 25th of February 25th, there was riots in Oshodi as the touts and the youths attacked and pushed the Igbo in the market.
By the time the BBC Igbo arrived on Monday afternoon, many had opened their businesses but some had not opened their shops out of fear, while some were repairing their damages.
But the Eze Ndigbo in Oshodi-Isolo, Reuben Ibeakama, said that he had made peace with local leaders and urged traders to open their businesses.
Lagos APC spokesman, Joe Igbokwe said that the APC leaders have no hands in the Lagos crisis.
Igbokwe said that the APC leaders have no hands in the Oshodi incident
No good person can do such things that are doing.
It's not compulsory that you must vote for a party.
We are practicing a democratic government 
In Okota, most of the shops close to Baba Ewe, where the Lagos touts attacked people on the election day was not opened due to fear.
Those interviewed by the BBC say they are still afraid as the result of the presidential election has not been announced.
Massob, on the other hand, has condemned the attacks on Ndigbo by Lagos touts.
In a letter addressed to journalists which was signed by its spokesman, Samuel Edeson, Massob said that it is painful that the Igbos are being attacked for political reasons despite the call by Afenifere group to the Yoruba to stop fighting Igbo people living in Lagos.
Leicester City: Brendan Rogers and Kolo Toure have taken leadership positions. 
Stories about Leicester City brought in a new coach, Muhammadu Buhari's victory and others are found in this story.
Brendan Rogers
Leicester City have hired Brendan Rogers as their team manager less than three days Claude Puel was sacked.
while hiring Rogers, a Liverpool coach from 2012 to 2015, they also hired Kolo Toure, who has spent years playing in Arsenal, Liverpool and Manchester City. 
Leicester City coach has been expelled 
Leicester City: Has the owner died in an accident?
Emiliano Sala: How many players die as they were about to shine. 
it also brought in Chris Davies and Glen Driscoll to be overseeing the team's health.
Remember that Rogers and Toure worked together in Celtic, where Rogers won seven trophies within a year.
In a 42-year-old Rogers' contract, he will remain in Leicester City until June 2022.
Buhari's victory 
If you haven't heard, let us tell you that President Muhammadu Buhari has returned to rule Nigeria for another four years.
in a speech over his victory, he pledged to put more efforts in security, economy and fighting against corruption.
In declaring the winner, the Inec chairman, Mahmood Yakubu said that Buhari got more votes than the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, and fulfilled the constitutional mandate, which led to his victory.
read the full story here: Presidential election 2019: Buhari has shined 
PDP has rejected Buhari's victory 
PDP party has refused to accept the declaration of Buhari as the winner of the election, citing evidence from various polling stations that Atiku Abubakar was chosen by Nigerians.
The way it is now, some people are  happy while some are sad because of whom they voted for.
In abroad 
About 60 people were still trapped inside a gold mining place in Sulawesi, Indonesia.
The Emergency department in the country said that one person has died while 13 persons have been saved.
In sports 
Two goals scored by Angel Di Maria and one by Meunier, gave PSG victory over their opponents, Dijon in the Coupe De France.
listen to the BBC story one minute
Film
Is this your first visit to abroad, here are six things to know
Is it your first visit to Britain, here are six things you need to know about. Every country has its own characteristics
Have you ever got a visa to travel to Britain, the United States, or another European country but have never been there?
Christmas Travel: Why transport fare is costly during Christmas season - Ekeson
Do you want to “flee” to Canada?
here are six things you need to know about the overseas:
Prepare for your accommodation before leaving
Apart from the flight ticket, before going, plan on where you will stay when you reach overseas.
it is in your brother's house, your friend or in a hotel.
If you have anyone in mind, make sure the person is willing to accommodate you, so that you won't be stranded in the airport.
so that you won't be disappointed when you couldn't reach the person when you get there.
there are many hotels with different price tags depending on the amount you have.
if you have a short stay, you would rather stay in 'Airbnb' than hotels.
this will also allow you to prepare your own diet.
You can find from the internet the type as well as the locations you need.
be prepared for the prevention of extreme cold
Sweaters, hats and scarves are among the things someone who wants to travel to the overseas during the winter needs to go with
Currently, Britain, America and the rest countries in abroad are in winter.
For example, London is in nine degree, while New York is in four degree.
Before you leave Nigeria, it is important that you buy sweaters for coverage because the weather over there is not favorable.
Anne Ifedigbo, who lives in the United States, explains, You need to be prepared with clothes, cap, scarf, shoes, and trousers."
get ready for unexpected sickness 
try and buy medicines for headaches, cough, diarrhea, and taifod fever before traveling. 
Sickness does not announce its coming, especially when traveling.
Try and purchase some drugs for headaches, coughs, diarrhea, malaria and balm to be ready for prevention.
Getting a little medication in the overseas may not be easy for you if you need it.
Buy traveling permit 
If you arrive in the overseas, buy a traveling document called 'Oyster card' and put money in it.
which will make it easier for you to move around.
you will use Oyster cards to pay for cars or trucks.
know that cars are cheaper than trucks.
Again is that the driver will give you the opportunity to be looking around while you're traveling.
remember to visit a tourist spot
The tourists queue to enter St Paul's Cathedral Church in London where Diana and Charles were married several years ago
If you are done with the main thing you went to do, remember to visit places and look around.
there are many tourist attractions that you would like to see if visit the overseas.
the Wobbling Bridge extends over the Thames River
if it is in London, Thames River, New York ; Liberty Statue,
places like St Paul's Cathedral where Adaeze Diana and Charles
you want to buy something, go to these places
If you travel abroad, you might like to buy a few things for yourself and your family.
Items such as clothes, shoes, jewelries, necklaces and other items.
In Britain, Central London is a popular place known for fashion designing as Tom Hilger, Tezeni, a plaza.
Woolrich in London is also one of the places where you can get things at affordable prices.
While Depford is where you can find already used items at cheaper rate.
what you should use, which should not
The main thing when traveling to the overseas is to get real visa and not fake papers .
Things you should not go with include: drugs, guns or ammunition, certain foods and any liquid item.
In some countries, you will not be allowed to enter the plane with things like liquid foods, perfume.
be careful as friends or relatives give you something to sent to someone living abroad so that you will not be involved in any problems.
An interesting story 
# BBCNigeria2019: How the debate of those contesting for the position of vice-president went
Imo State Election 2019: Uche Nwosu is still part of it — FCC Jones
A spokesman for the candidate contesting for the governorship election under the party, Action Alliance (AA), Onwuasoanya FCC Jones has said that Uche Nwosu, in the election which will be held on Saturday.
Uche Nwosu has joined another party
Action Alliance spokesman, Onwuasoanya FCC Jones has condemned the report that Uche Nwosu is no longer contesting for the governorship election in Imo state.
He also condemned the saying that Governor Rochas Okorocha is in support of AA in the upcoming election.
it is not true that the Action Alliance is not supporting Nwosu - Obidiche
Today's important story: Nwosu must be the governor - Okorocha
Jones said that all these statements are false and still says that Okorocha is strongly behind Uche Nwosu and all the state legislators under the Action Alliance party.
he also begged that this lie should not make the people of Imo not to vote for AA in the governorship and state house of assembly elections.
Interesting stories 
the three prominent men want to be Enugu and Ebonyi governors
Manchester City have defeated PSG. 
The warriors who will compete in Imo and Abia states
Election 2019: A candidate who campaigns for Emeka Ihedioha has been shot
Report reaching us said that gunmen have shot the campaign manager of Emeka Ihedioha, the governorship candidate under PDP Imo state.
The unidentified gunmen had shot the campaign manager of Emeka Ihedioha. According to the eyewitness, Eze Ugochukwu told the Igbo BBC that Nsorom Nnamdi, received two gunshots from the two unknown gunmen.
PDP Primaries: Ihedioha will contest PDP governorship in Imo state. 
The warriors who will compete in Imo and Abia states
He said that Nsorom, who was campaigning for Ihedioha in Isu Local Government Area, met the accident as he was about to enter the house of the former PDP candidate for senate.
Eze also told BBC Igbo that Nsorom Nnamdi had been taken to the Federal Medical Center in Owerri.
The efforts of the Igbo BBC journalists to hear from the state police's spokeswoman, Orlando Ikeokwu have been unsuccessful, as he claimed to be at a meeting.
Interesting stories 
See how Ebonyi, Imo, and Abia Inec are at alert for the governor's elections
Uche Nwosu is still part of it — FCC Jones
The three prominent men want to become Enugu and Ebonyi governors
Do you know Sandie Okoro, another Igbo girl who is a senior staff in the World Bank?
Petrol truck has burnt at Satellite Town in Lagos
The eyewitnesses said that oil spilled from the car in the morning, and eventually set the area on fire.
Water channel 
a fire burnt in the sewer
Reports reaching us now says that a luxurious bus had caught fire in Satellite Town 
The eyewitnesses said that the fuel started leaking in the morning before it got burnt in the evening.
have you seen what the Lagos State government wants trucks and lorries to be doing now?
Seven people have died in a tank fire in Anambra
A BBC worker called and said that the fire service workers were there since morning trying to quench the fire, but they are not there now.
So far, the entire Agric building materials in Abulado have closed down and ran away.
Eyewitnesses said that the fire burnt down an Igbo man's shop close to the scene.
Sochimaoge Madubo also said that the fire service company traced the burning petrol in 'Canal'
Interesting stories 
Have they dismissed Uche Nwosu from contesting in the governorship election on Saturday?
guns have been shot in Imo state
Election 2019: Some prominent people dumped PDP for APC 
here are the prominent people who left PDP to APC and where they are now.
PDP members who joined APC
President Muhammdu Buhari has said that PDP still have a question to answer concerning Nigerian economy they wasted when they were in office.
According to him, "The PDP has not explained what they did with the Nigerian economy during their 16 years in office."
The three prominent men want to become Enugu and Ebonyi governors
The warriors who will compete in Imo and Abia states
He added "We saw nothing when we came into office in 2015" "."
But there are some people in the APC who joined from the PDP that ruled for 16 years.
Members of the APC were members of the PDP
Rotimi Amaechi
rotimi Amaechi was the former Rivers State governor  between 2007 and 2015
He was the Rivers state governor twice under the PDP from 2007 to 2015.
He is now the Minister of Transport under the APC.
Orji Uzor kalu
he became Abia state Governor from 1999.
Now, has won the senatorial seat under the APC.
Rochas Okorocha
Obasanjo appointed Okorocha a special adviser in 1999 election.
he later defected from PDP to APGA before joining the APC.
Okorocha might loose the senatorial seat - Solicitor
Meanwhile, it is still being investigated whether he won the senatorial seat in the last election, or not, because the collation officer said that he was forced to name him as a winner.
Chris Ngige
Ngige ruled Anambra after winning the Governorship election under the PDP, from 2003 to 2006.
He is now the Minister of Works and Labor.
Godswill Akpabio
Godswill Akpabio governed Akwa Ibom state from 2007 to 2015.
Now, he contested for the senatorial seat under the APC.
Nasir El Rufai
Ruled the capital of Nigeria as a Minister under the PDP.
Now, he is the governor of Kaduna state.
Umar Ganduje
He was a member of the PDP as the deputy governor of Kano state.
Presently, it is the governor of the state under the APC.
Audu ogbeh
Audu Ogbeh was a former PDP national chairman but left the post to the APC.
He is now the Minister of Agriculture in Nigeria.
Udoma Udo Udoma
He represented Akwa Ibom South in the senatorial seat from 1999 to 2007.
He is now the Minister of Budget and Planning in Nigeria.
Heineken Lokpobiri
He was a former senator representing Bayelsa West from 2007 to 2015 under the PDP.
He now holds the position of minister of state agriculture.
Others include 
Victor Ndoma-Egba
Solomon Lalong
Bello Masari
Abiola Ajimobi
Isa Yuguda
Ali Modu Sheriff
Ita Enang
Kashim Shettima
Aliyu Wamakko
Segun Oni
What are u going to do in order to live long in this sickness
Macginger outlines things to do for them to live long
eat nutritious foods:
he told them to choose any food.
because is in food that they will give something to the body
Do not take iron containing drugs
Don not do hard labour
Do not stay where it is too cold 
Do not stay in a crowded areas
You should always see a doctor for health check up
is there any preventive ways for this disease?
Mcginger said that it is only through testing of your partner's blood to find out if both are compatible for marriage.
this includes: AS and AS cannot marry, but AS and AA can marry.
what people are saying on soshal media about this disease
@Taswalu is asking people to go for test before getting married.
@toksy_bee_ wants to be prayes for because the sickness is really disturbing her.
@EkeminiMacauley said that he supports people who have this disease.
stories you would like:
Unkown people shut down Nigerian businesses in Ghana
I have seen something that bring set back to employees in security work. - Buratai
Having stopped the local council chairmen from working is not revenge '- Ihedioha
xenophobic Attacks: 5 Nigerians injured in a clash that happened between Nigerian and Togo
A clash between Ndigbo and Ndigbo living in the country has resulted in injuries to five Igbo people.
Any Igbo man heavily injured in Togo
Igbo people in Togo have been beaten seriously issue that doesn't concern them
Problems between friends  have turn to an issue between countries that would have taken life if police didn't intervene on time.
The crisis between Igbo people in Togo and their residents has led five people to hospital where they are receiving treatment for serious injuries sustain.
Are Ghanaians chasing out Igbo traders their country?
Xenophobia: South African migrant are being killed ever since in South Africa 
South Africa has worn against the persecution of its visitors
while many still count their losses some suspected Togolese attacked, stole and destroyed some Igbo businesses at the Assiyeye market in Lome, Togo capital city.
Eyewitnesses said that the issue between the Igbo boy and his girlfriend was the cause of the problem.
The two people, who lived together had a disagreement, fought and injured each other, when the woman called the hoodlums but the young man fled as soon as he saw them.
reports said that as soon as he ran away, they attacked the Igbo people living in the same environment, smashing them as they were accused of stealing.
bBC Igbo obtained a photo showing the victims being hit, with blood all over their bodies but we cannot put it into the story because it is very irritating.
As one Igbo man did not want to be named, he explained to BBC Igbo, he said "it is a man with his girl friend that had problem"
“They hit hit themselves
The man injured the lady, the lady also injured the man
The woman went brought in touts.
The moment the man saw the touts, he jumped fence and runs away.
The touts attacked the Igbo people living in the same environment .
He went on to accuse the nation of supporting the bandits as the people were beaten because they hate hearing about the Igbo.
Assiyeye market is in Lome, Togo
One of the victims, Godwin Kalu told the Igbo BBC that it was when the police came to rescue the Igbo that the bandits wanted to burn them
Kalu said that as the police took the victims to the hospital, the villagers then went to nearby Assiyeye Market where they attacked Igbo people's shops and stole most of their goods.
the shops are at the entry of the market.
They invaded the market and threw stones.
I and  the people in the market ran inside and locked the door.
They carried my two bags of shoes I sell
Each one of the bags contain 50 pairs of shoes.
The Igbos in Togo lamented that their call on the Nigerian ambassador to the country were unproductive as they were told that President Segun Ibidapo-Obe, traveled to Nigeria.
A Togo police officer  who did not want to be named (because he has no right to speak on behalf of the police) told BBC Igbo on the phone that the incident happened.
I was  called and told  that there are people been beating and as we got there, they were Nigerians.
a police officer who said the bandits charged them with robbery, explained that they (police rescued the victims and took them to the hospital.)
he did not say whether the police are investigating it and he told Ndigbo residents that they should not be afraid of further threats to them.
The BBC's efforts to reach the Nigerian embassy in Togo were unproductive as they did not answer their calls and messages sent via the Internet.
Story that will interest u:
these foods will help 'Sickle Cell' patients 
How to use chocolate and vegetables to dismissbrain problems
Lagos-Badagry: Container has fallen on a car at the 'Trade Fair' on Badagry Road in Lagos
No one was killed or injured in the 'Tradefair' accident in Badagry and Lagos.
container falled 
A container has fallen near Tradefair International market on Badagry Road in Lagos State.
The area where the incident happened is one of the main place where the Igbos have their business.
According to report reaching the BBC, no one one died in the accident and no one  was injured.
This is not the first time such thing is happening in Lagos State.
The Onyeama road in Enugwu is a no go area
How a truck crushed 12 person in Ekiti- Police
Four days ago, a truck carrying goods fall on two vehicles at Tinkan Ailand in Apapa and Lagos.
Otedela  has sold :Forte Oil
a renowned businessman Femi Otedola has sold his oil company known as 'Forte Oil.'
Otedola testified  in a message he delivered on his Instagramm, he had left  the boat into his path to supplying electricity from a company he called 'Geregu Power Plc.'
Sickle Cell' day
As today is sickle cell's day, nutritionists have taken new advice.
They said that foods such as yams, cassava and rice would give them energy and strength.
They also said that vegetables and fruits are types of diet Sickle cell patients should eat in order to nourished by the body.
The court has canceled the law on spreading the gospel
Kaduna state governor, Nasir El-Rufai
The latest one we are hearing is that a Kaduna state high court has canceled the law that any person who preaches the gospel must obtain a license before doing so by the state legislature and the state government.
But the Kaduna Government has said they are preparing to reject the decision in court.
Five Igbo people have been injured in Togo
Five Igbo people were seriously injured due to the misunderstanding between Igbos and Togo people in Lome, the capital of Togo.
Play very well in the football field
Nigeria, Argentina and Croatia will compete
The African Football Association has passed a new law that allows soccer to drink water twice and rest because of the extreme sunshine.
The rule will commence on the AFCON competition which will start on Friday this week.
Victor Moses has removed his Nigerian jersey 
3 people scooping oil from trucks are dead
Have you seen what the Lagos State government wants lorries and trucks to do now?
Child Trafficking: His tribal marks saved him from the kidnappers. 
Police say Queen Imoh, kidnapped a six-year-old boy in Kaduna, went to sell him in Orlu, Imo state before she was arrested by police.
The kidnapped child
Police from the department of Special Anti Robbery Squad (SARS) has arrested a woman named Queen Imoh as she went to sell a child in Umuna, Orlu, Imo state.
Queen Imoh, a police officer from Cameroon, met the boy named Naziru Adbulwahab in Nassarawa district in Kaduna, the capital of Kaduna state.
a woman who kidnapped and sold 5 children from a family had been arrested 
SARS: Four police officers have been in trouble 
Strong wine that makes men's manhood to rise which will make it not to fall as soon as he drinks it has been banned. 
In a letter from Imo police spokesman, Godson Ikeokwu said that people saw Imoh and the boy and thought that she would not be his mother alerted the police.
Police said that the father of the abducted child came and took him
Police said that Imoh accepted that she kidnapped the boy named Naziru Abdulwahab and said that it is not the first time she is committing such an act.
According to police, Imoh told them that she sold her two-year-old son, Joseph Imoh for two hundred thousand naira.
Police said that Queen Imoh accepted to have committed the alleged crime
Also, she accepted that she sold a one year old Samuel M two hundred and thirty thousand naira 
She said that she stole this child when his mother asked her to look after him.
Godson Ikeokwu wrote that it was the Hausa who live in Orlu helped and found Naziru's parents and made sure he reached them.
Imoh is still in police custody.
Child kidnapping is a common problem in Nigeria, particularly in the Eastern Nigeria.
Watch out our movie about kidnapping of children
Nigerian Technovation: Secondary school girls have demonstrated their skills in technology
Just as Regina Pacis students went and achieved excellence in the technology competition in the United States 2018, a search has begun for those who will try like them.
Students 
The competition among female secondary students  who made great strides in technology in the Eastern part of Nigeria, has started in Onitsha, Anambra State.
More than 200 secondary school children from various schools in Ebonyi and Anambra have come together to demonstrate and articulate how their innovative technology called the App works.
The organizer of the event, who is the chairperson of the Edufun Fun Stem Hub Uche Onwuamaegbu Ugwu explained that it was with the help of the United Nations that they were able to organize the event.
Uche Onwuamaegbu Ugwu and the teacher 
Ugwu said that each school has chosen an 'App' to represent Eastern Nigeria where they will know those that will represent the nation in the worldwide.
We should remember that it was Uche Onwuamaegbu Ugwu who selected the five female students of Regina Pacis in Onitsha who became the best in Africa and the whole world in Silicon Valley USA and won a golden medal for Nigeria 
check out the story of Regina Pacis' students here: Technovation: Here are the students' school who have won the top prize in technology competition
students of Regina Pacis, taught by Uche Onwuamaegbu in Eduide Stem Hub in Onitsha - defeated 150  nations and came out first.
Students of Ado Girls Secondary School, Onitsha developed an APP called Albina Sense APP
They developed an APP that will detect fake drug.
some of the new schools that attended Technovation 2019 developed an 'App' showing the way, the App that protects the Albino and much more.
The students and their teachers expressed their pleasure to participate and promote the number of women in the field of technology.
Students of Urban Model Secondary School Abakaliki, Ebonyi State developed an "app" that identifies damaged food"
Uche Onwuamaegbu Ugwu was the one who organized the competition 
Ebonyi state students developed the Community Data Base App.
tory Leadership: It remained Jeremy Hunt and Boris Johnson
Who will replace Theresa May as Britain's Prime Minsiter; Boris Johnson or who?
Jeremy Hunt and Boris Johnson
The latest report reaching us is that it's remaining Jeremy Hunt and Boris Johnson in the British presidential race.
this means that as Jeremy Hunt won by two votes, Michael Gove won 75 votes in the British parliament.
I am ready to leave this job'- Theresa May
It means he and Boris Johnson will contest to know who will succeed Theresa May.
Remember that Britain's quasi-conservative party has planned to appoint two people to replace Theresa May.
Only three people among the four contestants in the election which requires secret ballot voting.
theresa May has rescued herself from the British parliament
It is expected that the world will know the outcome of the election today by 1 p.m.
Later, another election will be held to elect two candidates, one of whom will be the British Prime Minister.
The winner was Boris Johnson who won 143 votes against Jeremy Hunt, Michael Gover and Sajid Javid.
Rory Stewart, the secretary of International Development was defeated because she had only 27 votes.
This is still a good battle for Boris Johnson as his party members who are about 160,000 will vote for him, which will be sent via post office next week.
It is difficult to predict the result of the election so far.
So, let's keep quiet and know what's going to happen.
An interesting story 
Foods sickle cell patients should be eating 
why Buhari supporters wanted Festus Adedayo fired
Unknown people shut down Nigerian businesses in Ghana
Women's World Cup: Are the Super Falcons almost defeated
As Cameroon defeated New Zealand in the Women's World Championship, what will happen to Nigeria now?
Two goals from Ajara Nchout in the 95th minute kept Cameroon in the second round of the competition.
Nchout was the first to score in the 57th minute which New Zealand cleared the goal.
Nigeria vs Norway: Norway defeated Nigeria
How the competition affected Nigeria was that Chile needed to beat Thailand before the Falcons will excel.
now, the goal aggregate will be used to know who wins.
Mob have beaten thieves who snatch people's bags in Enugu mercilessly. 
Angry mob have beaten the thieves who snatch bags in Holy Ghost, Enugu, on Tuesday.
these are among the people thought to be armed with guns and other weapons, snatching bags and valuable things from people in the area.
A man has killed his wife in Enugu 
ATM pin fraudster has been arrested 
According to Enugu police spokeswoman Ebere Amaraizu, who spoke to Igbo BBC, it was when the thieves snatched a woman's purse that the angry mob beat him mercilessly.
these are the people who snatch people's bags.
Our staff received complaints that the thieves snatched a woman's bag.
They chased after them, they fled into the forest but people helped and they were caught.
When the police officers who were called to help arrived, one was very weak and was taken to a hospital, where the doctor confirmed him dead.
Amaraizu, who said they rescued cutlass and the things they stole, went on to say that their victim was helping them with the investigation.
A servant had killed her mistress two nights after she resumed work. 
A servant, Joseph Ogbu has stabbed his mistress and grandmother on Thursday.
This happened just two days after he was employed in the Surulere region of Lagos state.
a man has killed his mother because of land issue. 
another woman has been shot dead
Ogbu, the Benue state indigene started work on June 18.
Bala Elkana, Lagos state police spokesman, told the Igbo BBC that they had arrested the boy.
According to Elkanah, "Ogbu said that his mistress offended him and he stabbed her." ""
He said that he did not killed his mistress' mother, rather, she collapsed when she found out that her child had died.
His mistress' name was Oreoluwa John, while her mother's name was Adejoke John.
They were thirty-eight years old and eighty-nine years old respectively.
Police said that they are still investigating on the matter to find out what really happened.
Again, Mele Kolo Kyari, the new NNPC chairman 
The Nigerian government has disputed a controversy that the new NNPC chairman, Mele Kyari is a member of the Abba Kyari family.
Remember that it was today that the Nigerian government announced the name of Mele Kyari as the new NNPC chairman.
In abroad 
The Malawi are doing protest
Thousands of people have joined the protest in Malawi concerning the outcome of the election they had last month.
They are calling for the electoral chairman in their country to step down.
In sports 
Super Eagles' coach, Gernot Rohr has said that he is confident that his team will win the African Cup because there are older football players who play well as well as new ones.
Listen to this episode 
Mele Kolo Kyari, the new NNPC chairman 
President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Mele Kyari as head of the NNPC.
Kyari will resume his work on the 7th of July.
We have enough fuel for you- NNPC
Abia Pipeline explosion: The Senate have said that they will investigate on what happened
Maikanti Baru who has been in the position since 2016 will retire.
Kuri represents Nigeria in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC).
He studied Geology at the university and served as the head of OPEC economic commission board.
The book explains that Abba Kyari's brother is not the Personal Assistant to president Muhammadu Buhari - despite the fact that they are answering the same surname.
The police has a kidnapper. 
The federal government has declared that the spreading that Ebola has invaded Nigeria again is false.
This is according to Abdullaziz Abdullahi, Secretary General to the Ministry of Health, who said that since 2012, nobody has been infected with the virus in Nigeria.
The fight for Ebola 
The federal government has declared that the spreading that Ebola has invaded Nigeria again is false.
This is according to Abdullaziz Abdullahi, Secretary General to the Ministry of Health, who said that since 2012, nobody has been infected with the virus in Nigeria.
In abroad 
Iran's military has said that they had shot down a US drone which they used to monitor what is going on in Iran.
but the US has never said if this is true or not.
Iko Aiteo Federation Cup
In yesterday's competition, the Lagos Smart City team defeatedfired  the Enyimba of Aba with three goals to two in the Iko Aiteo Federation Cup.
Rivers United defeated Akwa United with three goals 
Rangers and Nassarawa United are among those who were knocked out in the Aiteo Cup
Listen to our ep here 
An interesting story 
why Buhari supporters wanted Festus Adedayo fired
Unknown people shut down Nigerian businesses in Ghana
lack of trust in preventive drugs is a serious problem for the world
Super Falcons have passed the second round with the help of Thailand. 
This is the second time the Super Falcons have reached the second round in the Women's World Cup as they did in 1999.
Fans
The fans of Nigeria's soccer team are celebrating
Super Falcons of Nigeria will meet with the German women's soccer team in Grenoble on Saturday in the second edition of the 2019 Women's World Cup.
The Super Falcons qualified for the second round as Chile defeated Thailand with two goals to one, which allowed Chile to enter the final as they were beaten by the Falcons in the final.
Are Super Eagles loosing the game? 
France has defeated Nigeria 
It was onMonde, June 17 that the Falcons played of which a number of Nigerians claimed that they were eliminated by VAR but it lasted for three days to see if they would qualify for the second round.
As all competitions in the first round have been completed, the Falcons appear to be the most efficient and undefeated team that will qualify for the second round.
it was one of the best three teams who had reached the final.
Cameroon is another African country that benefited from this yesterday.
Just as they did well in their match with France, many of their fans hoped that they would try in this second round.
Goge Africa: How couple get to explore the culture as the reason behind their travel
Nneka and Isaac Moses, the founder of 'Goge Africa', explained to the Igbo BBC how they started their journey which led them where they are now.
The couple, Nneka and Isaac Moses are well known for their Goge African film, which showcase different cultures and nations.
In the show, they told the Igbo BBC how the trip started and where it has taken them so far.
AFCON 2019: Choose the ones you think will defeat the other
Pick any team you think that will win each of the games at FCON 2019.
Ghana arrests Nigerian professor: Photo has put Professor Austin Nwagbara in problem 
Professor Austin Nwagbara is in a serious problem in Ghana as the video shows where he is saying that education in Nigeria is better than that of Ghana.
Austin Nwagbara
Austin Nwagbara is a university lecturer, University of Lagos went for a 'Sabbatical' leave at the University of Ghana
President of the Nigerian University Teachers Association, Biodun Ogunyemi has said that what the Nigerian Professor, Austin Nwagbara said about Ghanaian education are not mere rhetoric but as a matter of expertise.
AUUU will investigate on Ebonyi State University's dismissals of lecturers'
Igbo are very angry for hate speech by a man
Loving his fatherland has put Professor Austin Nwagbara, a lecturer at the University of Lagos, who attended a (Sabbatical) leave at the University of Ghana in trouble.
Nwagbara is in a serious problem with the University of Ghana where he went for a one-year sabbatical lecture as a video appeared while speaking to the supposed Nigerians, saying that Nigerian education is better than Ghana.
Dismissal of OAU scholar: That's what is supposed - Women 
Avoid sleeping with your teacher in these five ways
In a video circulating on social media, Nwagbara said that Nigerians are more knowledgeable than their Ghanaian counterparts, as he pointed out that the Nigerian Universities have lots of scholars and dignitaries.
This made the University of Ghana to reject him and the national police force arrested him and later released him.
President of the Nigerian University Teachers Association, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi
But in a conversation with the Igbo BBC, the President of the Nigerian University Teachers Association, Professor Biodun Ogunyemi said that there was nothing wrong with Nwagbara's statement that Ghanaians would treat him the way they treated him.
We do not think that the expert said anything that is above him as a professor.
