Beyond any inferences, stakeholders have expressed concerns that the latest suspension of direct charging of the price for the use of the USSD for digital financial transactions by the telecoms companies by the Minister of Communication and Digital Economy, Dr.
Isa Pantami, has, again, revealed the clear danger of muddling policy action with regulations in the telecoms sector, which is often antithetical to the growth of the industry.
Such interference in the independence of a regulatory authority often results in distortion of industry regulatory processes and could impinge on the incremental growth of such industry and the USSD pricing issue appears to have generated more reactions from different quarters since the Minister’s intervention in the issue in the last few weeks.
Basically, USSD services are delivered over the Stand-Alone Dedicated Control Channel (SDCCH) which is also the channel telecoms operators’ use for voice call-set up, SMS set-up and delivery.
This channel is used for the exchange of signalling messages between the mobile device and the network base station, and congestion on this channel is measured on a monthly basis by the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC).
It sounds a bit complicated and can get technical very quickly, but for the purposes of financial inclusion, there are two key things to understand.
First, when you dial a number that starts with * and ends with #, the person is using USSD.
Second, USSD is currently the best available communications technology to deliver mobile financial services to low-income customers.
In the last few weeks, the USSD issue has become a heated debate in Nigeria, which had not only generated issues, but stirred up anger and controversies in the telecoms, banking sectors, and among Nigerians.
There have been accusations and counter-accusations between players in the banking and telecommunications sectors over authorisation and activation.
The operator in the centre of the storm, MTN, had come out to inform the public that the banks were party to its planned N4 charge for every 20 seconds spent using the USSD platform, which happens to be its infrastructure.
The backlash, denial on the part of the banks, and the Federal Government’s directive had forced the South African firm to make a U-turn, and subsequently, put the plan on hold.
While some consultations are currently on-going on the matter, insights from the industry showed that some quarters believed strongly that the determination and suspension of the USSD initiative should be at the prerogative of the NCC and not entirely the Ministry, as was championed by the Minister Pantami.
According to a telecoms expert, Kehinde Aluko, as much as the subscribers must be protected from various forms of manipulations and exploitations, “the issue at hand is a regulation and not policy.
” Subsequently, the Minister, according to Aluko, ought to have sought an audience with the NCC, which happened to be the custodian of the operators before issuing a suspension notice of the plan.
Aluko stressed that it was more like the Minister usurping the power of the NCC, which is the custodian of regulations of telecoms activities, a development he and other industry stakeholders have suggested constitute “threats to the independence of the telecoms regulator as enshrined in the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA), 2003.
“Throughout the imbroglio, we never saw the Ministry of Finance issuing a directive to the banks.
It was the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) that we saw making pronouncements and necessary interventions.
I think Minster Pantami’s hasty intervention is something we need to avert in our industry to avoid reversal of whatever progress we have made in the telecoms industry so far because regulating the telecoms industry is a delicate balancing of the Act,’’ Aluko noted.
From his perspective, the Administrative Secretary, Association of Licensed Telecoms Companies of Nigeria (ALTON), Gbolahan Awonuga, who had expressed worry over the Minister’s move, also amplified Aluko’s voice, saying, “The issue being discussed is not policy, but regulation which has a legal document backing it.
”.
“We are confusing regulation with policy.
There was a determination on this USSD, even before the appointment of the Minister,” he stated.
Gbolahan argued that the CBN is protective of the banks, but wondered why the telecom operators, who are even the owners of the USSD platforms, are being treated unfairly.
“It is not about the good boy, but this is commercial and the normal things have been done.
Operators did not come up overnight to charge N4.
It was robustly deliberated upon and a decision jointly taken before the legal instrument was published for implementation by all parties involved,” he explained further.
Similarly, the President of the Association of Telecommunications Companies of Nigeria (ATCON), Olusola Teniola, vehemently queried where the autonomy of the NCC lies if the ministry continues to interfere.
Teniola stated that the Federal Government needed to allow the NCC’s independence to enforce decisions made, especially as it bothers on the development of the telecommunications industry.
Indeed, The Guardian checks showed that there is a legal basis for the NCC’s intervention to protect telecoms service consumers (i.e.bank customers who use USSD for financial transactions).
Earlier in his keynote address on ``Reforming the Maritime Sector in Onitsha; Priority Areas, Potential Projects and the Way Forward,’’ Mr Moghalu noted that transportation was indispensable in the World today.
The event was held at All Saints Cathedral, Onitsha.                                                                                        According to him, ongoing concessionary processes to address certain issues resolved that they will continue working to complete the port project.
Specifically, Section 4 of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003, wherein in Section 4 (1), the Commission is empowered to carry out such functions as: “facilitation of investments in and entry into the Nigerian market for provision and supply of communications services, equipment and facilities; the protection and promotion of the interests of consumers against unfair practices including but not limited to matters relating to tariffs and charges for and the availability and quality of communications services, equipment and facilities; ensuring that licensees implement and operate at all times the most efficient and accurate billing system.
Mr Moghalu said this while exchanging views with newsmen after a sensitisation seminar of South East zone stakeholders by NIWA.
NCC is also saddled with the responsibility of promoting fair competition in the communications industry and protection of services and facilities providers from misuse of market power or anti-competitive and unfair practices by other service or facilities providers or equipment suppliers; and the responsibility to general responsibility of the Commission for economic and technical regulation of the communications industry.
To many Nigerians, the use of USSD sounded new, but checks by The Guardian showed that the initiative has been in effect since 2014.
This initiative, however, got a boost this year, when the NCC did a determination report on it.
The report obtained from NCC’s website termed ‘Determination of USSD Pricing,’ dated July 23, 2019, and signed by the Executive Vice Chairman of the Commission, Prof.
Umar Danbatta, revealed, among other things, that a USSD session is 20 seconds; the cost of a USSD session is N1.
63K; the price floor for a 20 seconds USSD service is N1.
63k while price cap for a 20 Seconds USSD Session is N4.
89k.
The Determination stated that telecom operators are to price at cost plus margin but stresses that the determination does not apply to the currently zero-rated USSD services such as customer service, balance inquiry, purchase of airtime and data services, among others related to telecommunications services.
The Determination document envisaged the implementation of the USSD charges by the mobile network operators (MNOs) to take effect from September 1, 2019, and remains valid and binding on licensees.
However, Whether the MTN took official permission before its announcement to its customers remains unclear, as telecoms licensees are obligated to always get official approval/permission of the regulator before going to market to introduce any new tariff or pricing regime to their subscribers.
The legal document also notes that “the Commission reserves the right to amend and review this Determination at any time, as well as to consider other options to incentivise the communications industry,” and not the ministry.
It further states that such a review may be necessitated by major change in the market conditions and/or the underlining principles of this Determination.
In the formulation of this Determination, it was gathered that the banks had applied to the NCC for USSD codes for their mobile transactions, where they were now directed to the Mobile Network Operators (MNOs) independently.
Meanwhile, ALTON’s accounts of how the USSD usage by the banks began and the support of the Commission in allowing the banks to use the USSD platform to facilitate digital financial inclusion is also revealing in the document obtained by The Guardian.
According to ALTON, while telecommunication services and infrastructure became more accessible in the country, the banks identified the USSD channel as a cost-efficient way of delivering financial services to their customers.
“The banks subsequently applied for and were granted USSD shortcodes to deliver financial services to bank customers by the Nigerian Communications Commission (“the Commission”).
‘‘At the nascent stage of USSD development for the financial services sector, the billing mode adopted by our members was to charge the telecommunications service consumer directly, which is referred to as end-user billing.
Green House won the track events while White House won in football match.
However, “following complaints by its customers with regard to disappearing/illegal airtime deductions, ALTON said there was a consensus with the banks to implement corporate billing where the banks absorbed the costs associated with deploying the USSD platform for financial services.
Calisthenics and match past added glamour to the ceremony.
These are according to a letter obtained from the Ministry, which was dated October 28, 201 and addressed to the Minister Pantami and duly signed by ALTON Chairman and Executive Secretary, Gbenga Adebayo, and Kazeem Ladepo respectively.
Taking a swipe at the banks, ALTON said rather than open new banking locations and deploying more Automated Teller Machines (ATMs), the banks increasingly used the USSD platform to provide a bouquet of services not initially contemplated by its members, which included account balance enquiries, funds transfers, account opening for tier one customers and other services unique to each Banks portfolio of services.
The body also said the banks also used this channel to grow significant revenues running into billions of Naira in view of the large disparity between the cost charged by its members and the charge imposed by the banks on their customers.
For instance, data from the Nigerian Inter-Bank Settlement System (NIBSS) showed that between January and March 2019, USSD-based transactions conducted through mobile money by some 2.3 million customers averaged 41.1 million valued at N810 billion worth of transactions.
Onitsha, Feb. 25, 2020 (MOI) Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer  (CEO), National Inland Waterways Authority (NIWA), Mr George Moghalu, says he will strive to make the Onitsha River Port functional during his tenure.
ONITSHA RIVER PORT‘LL BECOME FUNCTIONAL IN MY TENURE -- SAYS MD NIWA
This, alone, according to industry watchers, indicates the high volume of USSD-based transactions that are enabled monthly by the MNOs’ infrastructure.
ALTON noted that these new services continued to place a strain on its members’ network resources, which resulted in their continued and further investments to ensure that the SDCCH channel was dimensioned to handle the increased traffic as a result of the new banking services being deployed on it.
The telecoms body pointed out that services provided by the banks constitute a minimum of 90 per cent of the total traffic on the USSD channels of its members.
However, since the suspension of the USSD charges by the Ministers, no authority has stopped the banks from charging customers an amount ranging from N10- N50, according to ALTON and confirmation by sources within the banking industry.
“We are the landlords, that is, the owners of the infrastructure, we have been asked not to charge our tenants, who are the banks, yet the tenants continue to charge customers, even unfairly through their hidden and non-transparent billing, as bank customers hardly know how much they are being charged,” said Adebayo.
However, the Governor of CBN, Godwin Emefiele and the Body of Banks’ CEOs (BOBCEOs) have since denied their being party to the Determination, contrary to the evidence obtained by The Guardian the determination document while the CBN has patted the banks on the back to maintain the status quo.
Stakeholders have, therefore, called for immediate industry stakeholder forum to resolve the lingering issue in to ensure appropriate billing in line with legal document developed by the NCC with a view to accelerating financial digital inclusion in to prevent growth reversal in the country’s digital inclusion drive.
New images have surfaced of what really happened during the September pressure testing of Boeing’s new 777X aircraft.
September’s pressure test was widely reported to have failed, with a cargo door being blamed for the issue.
Now, it seems that the situation was a lot more serious than that.
According to reports, it wasn’t just the door that ruptured, but the entire fuselage!.
Earlier reports that a cargo door blew out are not entirely unfounded.
Apparently the fuselage skin ripped open just behind the wing, and as such a passenger door was dislodged and fell to the factory floor.
The damage is clearly far worse than originally revealed; the test aircraft is a complete write-off.
Of the incident, Boeing spokesperson, Paul Bergmanm, explained that in the final load testing of the 777X static test airplane, the team conducted a test that involves bending the wings of the airplane up to a level far beyond anything expected in commercial service.
“A testing issue occurred during the final minutes of the test, at approximately 99 per cent of the final test loads, and involved a depressurisation of the aft fuselage.
The test team followed all safety protocols.
“As we shared on our October 23 earnings call, our root cause assessment continues, and we are pleased with the progress we are making as we complete our detailed analysis.
What we’ve seen to date reinforces our prior assessment that this will not have a significant impact on the design or our preparations for first flight.
We do not see any impact from the test on the overall program schedule.
“On the call, we did update our target for first delivery from late 2020 to early 2021.
As we’d said for some time, there had been significant risk to the late 2020 timeline.
What changed is that we now have a clearer understanding of how the GE9X engine issue has impacted the details of our flight test program.
For example, the timing of engines for the remaining flight test airplanes will affect when they begin flying, which in turn affects our detailed test schedules.
When we account for all these factors, we expect to fly in early 2020 deliver in 2021.
”.
Saturday 21st of May 2016, The Great Hall, Kensington, London, hosted Africa’s largest awards ceremony for Women in Europe and the Commonwealth.
In its fifth year Women4Africa is steadily growing its vision of elevating the ordinary African woman doing extraordinary things.
The Special guest of honour and Special Woman award recipient was Mrs Aisha Buhari.
She was ably represented by an official delegation of three governors’ wives led by Mrs Florence Ajimobi wife of the Oyo state governor, accompanied by the Wife of the governor of Ebonyi State Mrs Umahi and Zamfara state Mrs Yari.
Also in attendance was The Senior Special Advisor to the President on foreign and diaspora affairs.
Hon Abike Dabiri-Erewa.
Founders of Women4Africa Sam and Tola Onigbanjo were delighted at the kind gesture of Mrs Buhari and in response to her official statement read vowed to keep on elevating “The continent of Africa and its amazing Women”.
While speaking about homeland security, George “Gaffe” Bush once said, “I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we’re really talking about peace.
``Sports and culture elongates life; nurture health and one can earn a living from it too.’’
Well, in contrast, I just want you to know that when we talk about gender, we’re really talking about gender.
Which is to say, we are not just talking about women.
Most people wrongly associate gender issues with women’s issues.
I recall doing a degree in Gender Studies and when people asked what I was studying and I replied gender, they would nevertheless proceed to ask, “So, what is women’s studies about?”.
It was baffling.
In actual fact I was not interested in women’s studies alone or I would have chosen that course.
Instead, I chose to study gender because I am interested in masculinity and femininity, in gender norms attributed to the male and female sexes, in the interaction – the never-ending conflicts and also the opportunities to live together harmoniously – caused by gender roles.
What are those roles? The answer depends on many things, including the particular environment that you find yourself in.
In a country like Nigeria, gender roles not only vary from region to region but they’re also shaped by our tetchy colonial past, and the education and religion that came with that predicament.
Nigeria is one of the few countries in the world where, for example, women have reigned not only as queens but as kings.
In fact, female kings such as Ahebi Ugbabe who ruled Igala in Igboland in the twentieth century are arguably a precursor to transgender (people who express their gender outside of the norm) discussions today.
However, Nigeria is also a country where, to give another example, if you are male you can pass your nationality to a non-Nigerian female through marriage.
If on the other hand you are a Nigerian female, by all means set your eyes on a non-Nigerian husband, but our legislation will always consider your marriage as one to a foreigner.
If you are female, gender roles such as housewife, the weaker sex, the shrinking violet, the bimbo etc.
may be used to describe you.
If you are male, the roles of provider, macho man, gentleman or rational thinker may be attributed to you.
Furthermore, although gender norms are limiting for both sexes (e.
g.
men should never be vulnerable and women should never be bossy yada yada yada) since most powerful traits are seen to be masculine, if you are a woman there is perhaps even more of an incentive to define womanhood for yourself.
So why is all of this political? After all the column is “Gender Politics”.
Well, for three primary reasons.
Firstly, precisely because gender and power are closely linked.
Secondly, because maleness and power are also closely linked.
And thirdly, because the first two points cause problems.
You may like to read the column regularly.
Not because the author is claiming, like any good salesperson, that it will gain you great relationships, a happy life, prosperity and mind-blowing sex.
In all honesty, I doubt reading this column will bring you any closer to that.
(And if against the odds it does, please at least buy me dinner.
Chairman of the Occasion, Dr Stanislaus Igbokwe said that without sports and culture, a nation was not complete.
But my column may give you a greater understanding of how gender norms shape our realities.
It may cause you to marvel, as I do, at the social, sexual and cultural roles between genders and how those relate to our inner sense of power as well as to political structures.
And that in return may have a positive effect.
At the very least, we can quarrel about all things gender-related and that’s always a blast (or not).
One more thing for now.
If you thought that there are only two genders you are mistaken.
There are numerous, seventy-one (at least) according to the pre-populated list that Facebook users can choose from when choosing a gender identity.
That said, the main focus in my column is gender politics as it relates to women and men.
ANAMBRA GOVERNMENT, I HAIL YOU ON SECURITY By Regina Igwebuike
``Sports and culture elongates life; nurture health and one can earn a living from it too.’’
Chairman of the Occasion, Dr Stanislaus Igbokwe said that without sports and culture, a nation was not complete.
Patron of Green House, which took overall 1st position in the field/track events, Mr Paul Okpala Akuluono pleaded with state government to harness sports talents from school children.
Another House patron, Prince Augustine Udoh said that work and play make for balanced growth of a child, stressing that parents should not relinquish children’s training to teachers. You should start fighting vices from home.
``We solicit for sponsors’ support in facilitating acquisition of sporting playgrounds. Also, the nature of our terrain has led us to pave the school compound with inter-locking stones,’’ Adawai said.
Most Rev. Paulinus Ezeokafor, Catholic Bishop of Awka Diocese has praises Anambra State Government for using its security apparatus to track two Awka Diocesan priests kidnapped last year in Ondo State.
The prelate noted that Gov. Obiano used the state’s security apparatus to track down, the kidnapped priests.
``Children are our future. Anambra State should invest in school sports. I appeal to government to construct Attah road, linking Nkpor-Umuoji road across St. Edmund to Nkpor Old road,’’ Akuluono said.
The bishop decried incessant and barbaric killings of innocent Nigerian’s especially Christians.
Ezeokafor made the commendation at Ukpo, Dunukofia Local Government Area on Feb. 6, during burial of mother of Bishop of Mrs Rebecca Amatu.
``Academic excellence, moral probity and physical fitness are our watchwords. Here, we preach against cultism and our security men are always on alert. Anyone caught over cultism will face the law.
He thanked Gov. Willie Obiano for his giant strides in the area of security, urging him to sustain the tempo.
In a welcome address, School Manager, Rev. Fr. Michael Adawai said they applied holistic approach to children’s educational development, noting that they had zero tolerance for cultism.
Ezeokafor, however, also expressed shock at gruesome murder of Lawan Andimi, Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria, Michika LGA Adamawa State by terrorists.
He said any government that did not value the sacredness of life was a failure.
He stressed that government at the centre should provide the enabling environment for security of life and property.
According to him, Government at the centre must encourage local policing to secure lives of the people, who elected them into office.
``Any government that cannot do the needful to secure life and property of its citizens should surrender; use whatever God endowed you with to work toward eternal life.
``Academic excellence, moral probity and physical fitness are our watchwords. Here, we preach against cultism and our security men are always on alert. Anyone caught over cultism will face the law.
BISHOP AMATU BURIES 96-YEAR-OLD MUM By Regina Igwebuike : https://www.
In a welcome address, School Manager, Rev. Fr. Michael Adawai said they applied holistic approach to children’s educational development, noting that they had zero tolerance for cultism.
She thanked management of St. Edmund Group of schools for going extra the mile to borrow St. Alphonsus Catholic Church, Nkpor sporting ground to accommodate all sporting events.
Lady Lizzy Ewuzie, Area Education Officer (AEO), Idemili North represented the commissioner at the event.
According to the commissioner said sports help in mental, physical and psychological development of learners, stressing that properly engaging youths in sports will make them lose interest in social vices.
7, 2020 (MOI) Catholic Bishop of Okigwe Diocese, Imo State, Most Rev. Solomon Amatu accompanied by family and friends, bid farewell to his late mother, Mrs Rebecca Mgboye Amatu aged 96.
Prof. Omenugha made the call during Inter-house sports competition organised by St. Edmund Group of Schools, Nkpor.
The deceased was born on Feb. 14, 1923 into family of late Pa/Mrs Anakonwa of Oranto Village, married to late Pius Amatu of Obinagu Akpu Village, both in Ukpo.
SCHOOLS URGED TO PROMOTE SPORTS, CURB CULTISM AS ST EDMUND SCHOOLS NKPOR HOLD INTER-HOUSE SPORTS
Speaking while concelebrating the burial Mass at St. Simon Catholic Church, Ukpo, Most Rev. Paulinus Ezeokafor, Catholic Bishop of Awka Diocese said that burying the dead was one of the ``corporal works of mercy’’.
Nkpor (Idemili North LGA), Feb. 25, 2020 (MOI) Anambra State Commissioner for Basic Education, Prof. Kate Omenugha has urged private and public schools to promote sports as panacea against cultism and other vices among youths.
Mr Emmanuel Nwafor, member representing Orumba South Constituency suggested proper checking of the seals of the consultants in other to ascertain their level of authenticity because fake seals abound.
Ezeokafor added that the deceased lived her life in the hope of resurrection, which was a fulfillment of what we believe in as Christians.
He emphasised that death was an answered prayer as one transcended from temporal life to eternity to live at peace with God.
The prelate noted that Mrs Amatu was energetic, beautiful as well as a good singer with a golden voice.
``She was a notable lead singer in all ceremonies and activities in her town and beyond, which merited her name `Onu Ogene’.
He explains: ``life is a gift from God, which must be respected’’, urging those who fail to take care of their parents at old age to retrace their steps so as to reap God’s promise of long life’’.
One of the deceased sons, Most Rev.
Solomon Amatu said that his mother was non believer and became a Christian convert in 1962 to Christ Apostolic Church (CAC) as a result of miraculous healing of her husband when he was down, bedridden after attending a crusade.
Bishop Amatu noted that she was an ardent and devout member of CAC until 2003, when she became a Catholic faith after his Episcopal Ordination.
According to him, she embraced the conversion and convincingly remained ardent and devoted to it until her last breath, praying God for a repose of her soul.
Anambra State Governor, Willie Obiano, who attended the event, commiserated with Amatu family, praying God to grant them the fortitude to bear the irreparable loss.
Gov.
Obiano thanked those, who came to pray for the deceased’s soul, especially those who came from far places, praying God to grant them journey mercies.
He noted that the state was enjoying security to the glory of God.
Delivering a tribute at the grave side, Dr Solomon Anigbankpu, on behalf of the deceased’s grand/great grandchildren said that grandma knew precisely what good education could do to anyone, who persisted to the end.
``She believes that it is better to develop common sense first before western education to avoid behaving and acting like a child.
``She lived a life of prayer, selfless service, high sense of responsibility and charity, humility, hard work, tenacity and doggedness.
``Her prayer life is infectious and you can never stay with her without being infected,’’ he emphasised.
Dignitaries at the ceremony include Archbishop Valerian Okeke of Onitsha Archdiocese, Owerri Provincial Bishops, a former Governor of Anambra State, Mr Peter Obi.
A former INEC Chairman, Prof.
Maurice Iwu, Anambra Commissioner for Women Affairs, Mrs Ndidi Mezue, Traditional Rulers and people from all walks of life attended too.
(MOI).
GOVERNMENT DONATES LAND FOR PERMANENT SITE OF AWKA DIVISION OF COURT OF APPEAL By John Ndu : https://www.
anambrastate.
gov.
ng/news?r=government-donates-land-for-permanent-site-of-awka-division-of-court-of-appeal&hs=13580357517dbbd1867dbd0aabf071af.
Okwuosa explained that most buildings within the old Awka were built several years ago, hence the disorderly nature of most villages.
6, 2020 (MOI) Anambra State Government has donated a parcel of land on which a permanent site on which the Federal Judiciary can build the Awka Division of Court of Appeal.
Gov. Willie Obiano announced this while receiving Judges and staff members of the judiciary, led by President of Court of Appeal, Justice Zainab Bulkachuwa at the Governor''s Lodge, Amawbia.'
``This will entail serious demolition.
Receiving the delegation, Gov. Obiano said his administration would always provide necessary facilities that would enhance prompt dispensation of justice.
``Compensation will be paid by the state government in order to get Awka to become a standard city.
The governor said that arrangements had been finalised for procurement of stenograph for judges to facilitate justice delivery.
He announced that it would made available to 25 courts in the first batch.
In addition to procurement of stenograph, Gov. Obiano said that his administration would train, retrain judges and other judicial staff to enable them to get acquainted with modern system of justice delivery.
``However, this will not hinder the demolition of any building that poses threat to the community.’’
``My administration has been taking care of Judges.
Their welfare is my utmost concern.
I cleared the accumulated debt owed judges by previous administrations.
``Indeed it is a milestone achievement for my administration under the leadership of Court of Appeal President, Justice Zainab Bulkachuwa.
I sincerely appreciate your support,’’ Obiano said.
The governor stressed that his administration had maintained robust relationship among the three arms of government, promising to ensure no interference and adequate separation of duties.
President, Court of Appeal, Justice Bulkachuwa, said that process for the inaugurating of Court of appeal in the state started in 2018, when Gov.
Obiano set up a five-man Court of Appeal Project Committee headed by Dr Onyechi Ikpeazu, SAN.
She urged the governor to ensure speedy upgrade of the structures, to be in line with stipulated standards of Court of Appeal across the nation.
Anambra Attorney-General and Commissioner for Justice, Dr Uju Nwogu commended the president for her support at ensuring the success of the event.
Okwuosa lamented that field workers were usually attacked and injured during enforcement, especially at Nise, Okpuno and Umuawulu, stressing that as their worst challenge.
PRIMARY HEALTHCARE AGENCY ANNOUNCES 2020 FIRST ROUND NIPDS By Nnedinma C Okeke : https://www.
anambrastate.
He added that development control would entail site visits to ensure that work would be going on as approved.
``Consultants in the building industry are expected to append their seal in drawings in other to take liability for any default in the building.”
Okwuosa, then, explained that ACTDA would look at buildings and development control, adding that building control involves paper work where the developer is expected to bring survey plans, evidence of ownership and power of attorney.
6, 2020 (MOI) Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency (ASPHCDA) in collaboration with partner agencies have announced 2020 first round of National Immunisation Plus Days (NIPDs) in the state.
Executive Secretary, ASPHCDA, Dr Chioma Ezenyimulu made the announcement during the State Social Mobilisation Committee (SSMC) meeting at ASPHCDA office complex, Awka.
She noted that the event which was always held between March and April in past years would now hold between Feb.
15 and Feb.
``Availability of aerial photography has helped in identifying areas that will house high density, medium and low density as well as industrial areas,’’ he said.
``The flag-off ceremony of NIPDs will be held jointly with that of Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week (MNCHW) on Feb.
11, at Primary Healthcare Centre (PHC), Akpo, Aguata Local Government Area (LGA).
``Master plan supersedes structural plan because it later takes cognizance of structural, aesthetic and development aspects of any building with a view for future intent.
Dr Ezenyimulu said the 4-day programme would hold in all PHCs, designated General, Teaching, Mission and private hospitals and schools.
``Also house to house, that includes Churches, mosques, markets, village square, motor parks and wherever children are found.
``During this period children from zero to 59 months of age will be vaccinated with Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV), irrespective of previous immunisation status,‘’ she said.
State Health Educator, ASPHCDA, Mrs Uju Onwuegbuzina said that the SSMC was established to aid the resolution of issues that might arise in the course of the campaigns such as non compliance or rejections.
``We are urged to use our various organisations/platforms to inform people on the need and importance of immunisation as it is a safe and effective means in protecting our children from vaccine preventable diseases.
He said that plans were on ground to demarcate Anambra into three development zones while ACTDA would be in charge of Anambra Central to ensure rapid development in all the areas.
UNICEF Communication for Development (C4D) Consultant, Mr Felix Okocha commended members of SSMC for their efforts in communicating activities of the agency to ensure that Ndi Anambra would be healthy.
``I praise you all for what you are doing so far and will appeal that you continue to provide this support so that the objectives of the agency will be achieved.
Managing Director, ACTDA, Ven. Amaechi Okwuosa said that the Authority, under the office of the governor was charged with the responsibility of preparing master plan of Awka, turning the capital into Dubai or Taiwan.
A Radio Nigeria Correspondent, Mr Chukwudi Chukwuenyem said he would carry out phone-in programme in his organisation to boost sensitisation of the agency''s activities.'
``We will also input these upcoming campaigns in the news so that people can avail themselves of the opportunity to access the interventions.
He added that in the end, history would speak favourably and promised to have a good working relationship with the authority.
Mr Chris Azor, a Civil Society representative said he would pass the information through every available means to ensure that all stakeholders and non stakeholders were well informed of the campaigns.
Present at the meeting include stakeholders representing National Orientation Agency, Rotary International, Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, Catholic Archdiocese of Onitsha, Anambra Broadcasting Service and National Light Newspapers.
Others are State Ministry of Basic Education, Ministry of Health, Anglican Communion, Awka District and Catholic Diocese of Nnewi.
Ezeudu expressed contentment at the latitude of work that ACTDA head was doing, stressing that there were times one would need to take tough decisions in other to get something right.
PROMINENT ANAMBRA LAWYERS REACT TO INAUGURATION OF APPEAL COURT AWKA DIVISION By Ikenna Aniagboso/John Ndu
Ezeudu expressed contentment at the latitude of work that ACTDA head was doing, stressing that there were times one would need to take tough decisions in other to get something right.
The lawmaker explained that the visit was an exercise to fulfill their obligation, work in synergy with ACTDA to help it to tackle challenges in sustaining social harmony in the state.
Mr Ezeudu, who represents Dunukofia constituency in the Anambra Sate House of Assembly said this when his committee paid a familiarisation tour to ACTDA.
Committee on Housing and Urban Development, led by its chairman, Mr Lawrence Ezeudu has pledged its readiness at all times to help Awka Capital Territory Development Authority (ACTDA) to achieve its mandate.
Some prominent Anambra State lawyers have hailed the inauguration of the 18th Division of the Court of Appeal in Awka, the Anambra capital describing it as fulfilment of a dream.
Dr Onyechi Ikpeazu, SAN, who was chairman of the committee that worked to ensure the success of the exercise, while reacting to the inauguration during an interview said: ``this is fulfilment of an arduous task’’.
He said he was satisfied at the presence of the appellate court in Anambra state in the 29th year of state’s existence.
``I am happy and fulfilled,’’ he said, stressing, ``It is a most rewarding experience to be part of the team that made this a reality.
ASSEMBLY PROMISES TO SUPPORT ACTDA IN IMPROVING ITS JOB
NEW TYRE MARKET NKPOR ELECTS NEW EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
By Rita Okonkwo :
Nkpor (Idemili North LGA), Dec. 5, 2019 (MOI Traders of New Tyre Market, Nkpor have elected a new Executive Committee to pilot its affairs.
The elected are President, Okey Atueyi; Vice-President, Onyeka Ezeokoli; Secretary, Ifeabunike Ethelbert; Assistant Secretary, Akulasa Kenneth Madu and Treasurer, Romanus C Umeh.
Others are Financial Secretary, Ezeudu Chukwudi Samuel, PRO, Stanley Okpala; Provost, John C Maduka and Provost 2, Nzekwe Callistus.
The election was held on Dec. 4 at New Tyre Market Hall, Nkpor.
Addressing the traders before the election, the Commissioner for Trade and Commerce, Mr Uchenna Charles Okafor enjoined the traders to make the right choice of leadership.
Okafor noted that Gov. Willie Obiano directed that traders in the state to always conduct `free and fair election’ in line with their association’s Constitution.
``The government has no interest in any candidate. The interest of the traders is the interest of the government. Let your choice prevail,’’ Okafor remarked.
The commissioner extolled peaceful and conducive market environment that had been existing in the market.
He urged the electoral committee to avoid any form of corruption, so as to ensure strict compliance to governor's directives.
In his acceptance speech, the new President, Mr Atueyi thanked Government for their good works. (MOI)
HM/OGO/TON
HOS WELFARE ASSOCIATION CONDUCTS FREE HEALTH SCREENING AMIDST END OF YEAR CELEBRATION
By MaryAnn Chukwuma/Amaka Isikala :
Awka, Dec. 6, 2019 (MOI) As part of Christmas largesse, Welfare Association of the Office of the Head of Service (HOS), organised free health screening for staff members to mark the end of the year celebration.
The event took place at the HOS Conference Hall, Jerome Udoji Secretariat Complex, Awka.
Barr Harry Udu, Anambra Head of Service noted that end of year celebration did not mean end to duties but meant to reawaken everyone to their duties.
He urged workers to always follow the clear principles of dedication to service of the state and humanity as shown by Gov. Willie Obiano.
The civil service boss hailed efforts of dedicated workers in service, encouraging them to continue in displaying goodness.
He called on retiring staff members, who were sent forth to transit their experience into the wider society as they have become senior citizens.
Chairman of the Association and Acting Director, Administration Department, HOS, Mr Prince Nwude, JP, thanked God for His continued protection and support toward workers.
Mr Nwude urged the workers to maintain good working relationship with one another as it was the prerequisite for effective service delivery.
He enjoined them to eschew bitterness and rancour in order to maintain high productivity in their various offices.
Nwude commended them for their eagerness to work, urging them to continue to put in their best as they discharge their duties.
Director, Rapid Department, Mrs Ifeyinwa Onyenwe commended the representative of BF SUMA, the health company that subsidised the free health screening for workers.
She enjoined workers to seize the opportunity to ensure that they were in good health, as good health remained necessary for effective service delivery.
Mr Joshua Nwodukpechi, Representative of BF SUMA, said that they were in the state to screen workers for possible ailments.
He said that the company was located in the U.S., and deals in natural herbal products to promote wellbeing.
Nwodukpechi, then, mentioned some drugs produced by the company which include better life slim, better life multivitamin and cardiovascular health.
He enjoined civil servants to avail themselves of the opportunity to be screened in order to ascertain their true health condition, if they must work productively.
Presentation of gift items to retired staff members; Mr Peter Ononye, Emmanuel Ottih, Bridget Ubeh, Celestina Chigbogu and Mabel Ilouno made the celebration colourful. (MOI)
ISO/OGO/TON
TECHNOLOGY, KEY TO CURBING EXAM MALPRACTICE SAYS BASIC EDUCATION COMMISSIONER
By Chinazo Okoye/Obianuju Azukaego/Nnaemeka Egwuonwu :
Awka, Dec. 6, 2019 (MOI) Anambra State Basic Education Commissioner, Prof. Kate Omenugha says technology is necessary in curbing menace of examination malpractice in the education sector.
Prof. Omenugha said this when members of National Association of Proprietors of Private Schools, (NAPPS) paid her a courtesy visit in her office at Jerome Udoji Secretariat, Awka.
The commissioner, who noted that government had zero tolerance to exam malpractice, added that 275 laptops had been acquired to that effect.
She enjoined the NAPPS members to support government in its effort to reduce exam misconduct in the state.
``Government cannot curb the menace alone, so we have to join hands to win this war against exam malpractice.
``This is why we said that all private schools must undergo re-accreditation assessment to ensure they meet the standard necessary for the registration of students for exams such as WAEC.’’
Omenugha noted that schools would be required to install IP cameras in their exam halls and construct flat tables without drawers for the re-accreditation exercise.
According to her, the idea is aimed at discouraging exam malpractices among students and teachers.
``While the IP cameras capture everything that transpires in the exam halls, the flat tables without drawers discourage students from bringing extraneous materials into the hall,’’ Omenugha said.
Prof. Omenugha added that the use of school register to register students for exams had been replaced with biometric capturing of the students.
Anambra State Chairman NAPPS, Mrs Amaka Ezedebego, commended the commissioner for her effort in the fight against exam malpractice.
Mrs Ezedebego said they were not against government's decision to re-accredit schools, but pleaded that enough time should be given to them to meet with the requirements as they were capital intensive
Another NAPPS member, Mrs Chinwe Orikaeze, thanked government for the initiative, noting that it would help to check exam malpractice.
Mrs Orikaeze appealed to government to carry out the re-accreditation exercise in those schools that had not been re-accredited by WAEC and NECO. (MOI)
NLO/OGO/TON
TRANSPORT COMMISSIONER READS RIOT ACTS TO ILLEGAL TICKETS COLLECTORS
By Ifunanya Ajukwu :
Awka, Dec. 6, 2019 (MOI) In a bid to stop incessant issuing of illegal tickets, Anambra State Commissioner for Transport, Mr Christian Madubuko says the full weight of the law will be applied against anybody caught engaging in such illegality.
Mr Madubuko described activities of illegal tickets collectors as worrisome, assuring that government would stop at nothing at punishing such perpetrators.
The commissioner said this while receiving members of Semi Truck Drivers Welfare Association (SEWA), who stormed his office to protest incessant of multiple tickets in motor parks.
He said that the activities of illegal tickets collectors had been giving the state government concerns and called for concerted effort by all stakeholders to tackle the challenge.
``Anybody caught using banned tickets to defraud motorists and Ndi Anambra will be charged to court for trial; if found guilty will be sentenced to appropriate prison terms,’’ he stressed.
He reminded motorists, especially commercial vehicle drivers that government banned some tickets like Anambra State Mass Transit (Willie is working) SMT route, Onitsha Ado ticket and commerce tickets.
Madubuko added that his ministry had in a public service announcement dated Oct. 24, said that seven tickets were recognised including yellow tickets and unified tickets for all vehicles.
Others are park management tickets, travelers manifest, Shuttle Bus Union, Tricycle Union and Motorcycle Union.
The commissioner urged them to assist government in the fight against perpetrators of such acts by providing useful information about them to his office for urgent action.
Mr Oguejiofor Agidigbo, a spokesman for Semi Truck Drivers Welfare Association, complained that his members were being issued with 21 tickets everyday as against three in neighbouring states.
Agidigbo drew attention of the commissioner to incidences of physical assault on his members by illegal tickets collectors in parks, and called for government’s intervention.
He pledged on behalf of his members, that they would remain calm and law abiding, in the light of the development. (MOI)
HNA/TON
SPEAKER APPLAUDS HOUSE FOR PASSING DISABILITY RIGHTS LAW
By Chizoba Okeke :
Awka, Dec. 5, 2019 (MOI) Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Mr Uche Okafor has applauded his colleagues for passing the Disability Rights Law.
The law is aimed at integrating the physically challenged in all activities in the state.
Mr Okafor said this while felicitating with persons living with disabilities as they marked their international day held every Dec. 3.
He commended wife of the Governor, Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano for using her non-governmental organisation – Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ) to provide meaningful life for the physically challenged in the state.
Mr Okafor urged well meaning citizens to use part of their wealth to contribute to toward welfare of persons with disabilities.
He also called on various government and legislative institutions in the country to formulate policies and legislations that would offer the physically challenged better life.
The speaker urged people with disabilities to live above all forms of discrimination and stigmatisation and utilise their talents to improve their well-being.
He assured them of genuine commitment of the Assembly toward enhancing their living standards. (MOI)
ISO/OON/TON
UNICEF, ANAMBRA GOVERNMENT ENSURE CONTINUOUS EDUCATION OF WOMEN ON ESSENTIAL FAMILY PRACTICES
By Regina Igwebuike :
Nise (Awka South LGA), Dec. 5, 2019 (MOI) Five Community-based Organisations (CBOs) in Anambra State, Ezira, Nnewi, Neni, Obosi and Nise have also benefitted from UNICEF Speaking Sessions aimed at creating awareness on Essential Family Practices (EFPs).
The EFPs include breastfeeding of infant exclusively for about six months, taking into account WHO/UNICEF/UNIDS policies and recommendation on HIV and infant feeding; taking children for full course of immunisation before their first birthday.
It entails recognising when sick children need treatment outside the home and take them for healthcare to the appropriate provider.
It also includes disposal of faeces including children’s faeces safely; washing hands with soap after defecation, before preparing meals and feeding children.
The EFPs also include; ensuring that every pregnant woman receives the recommended minimum of four antenatal visits, recommended doses of tetanus toxide vaccination.
These EFPs are supported by family and community in seeking appropriate care, especially at the time of delivery and during the postpartum breastfeeding period.
In a speech during the sessions, Mrs Chineze George-Ileka, UNICEF Desk Officer, Anambra Ministry of Information and Public Enlightenment, Awka said that UNICEF was concerned about reducing mother and child mortality and morbidity rates.
Mrs George-Ileka noted that women and children were agents of change; the training to enable them to change the narrative of failure to that of breath-taking success in their communities.
She emphasised that personal, family and community cleanliness would promote good health that was essential for growth and development.
The desk officer noted that people were always in a hurry to eat whatever would come their ways without properly washing their hands.
``Most illnesses and deaths are caused by germs that get into the mouth through food, unsafe water and dirty hands.’’
She demonstrated how to wash the mouth properly using chewing stick/tooth brush to avoid mouth odour, urging them to drink water always to reduce the acidic content of the stomach.
Mrs George-Ileka while saying that unhealthy practices constitute 90 per cent health challenges in the world, advocated for proper hygiene practices as a prerequisite to healthy living.
The Desk Officer, then, urged the women to put in their best to achieve behavioural change in lives of their community members so as to actualise UNICEF’s dream.
Dr Rose Amasiani, Anambra State Hygiene Promotion Officer decried the attitude of those who defecate on open surfaces and dump refuse indiscriminately, which constitute health hazards.
Dr Amasiani said that toilet was the safest place to throw away faeces to avoid the spread of disease.
She urged all families to have good pit toilet, pour-flush or water system in their homes.
The hygiene promoter noted that there were five faecoral routes of disease transmission to include food, fluid, field, finger and fruit.
She called for thorough washing of hands using soap or ash under running water as necessary after contact with faeces such as after using the toilet, cleaning up babies’ buttocks before feeding children.
She demonstrated how best to wash hands using soap and running water, advising them to air-dry their hands after washing as the use of general hand towel could be contagious.
On sanitary cleanliness, Dr Amasiani emphasised that hygiene was necessary during menses.
``Clean and dry sanitary pads/cloth should be available for girls and women. Sanitary pads should be disposed of properly with other refuse or buried.
``Where clothes are used during menses, wash them regularly with soap and clean water and dry them fully in the sun before the next use.
She adds: ``poor menstrual hygiene can lead to infections and repeated infections of the birth canal can cause failure to conceive’’.
The Motivational Speaker of the programme, Mrs Scholastica Okoli said that every woman had rights to healthcare, especially during pregnancy and childbirth.
``A pregnant woman needs to be checked by skilled birth attendants because something may go wrong.’’
Mrs Okoli said that exclusive breastfeeding was the only food and drink that an infant would need until the age of six months after which different kinds of food would be introduced.
``Make sure that the baby sucks the first yellowish milk (colostrums) that comes out of the breast, which helps to fight germs responsible for diseases.
``Breastfeeding helps to protect babies and young children against dangerous illness, creating special closeness between mother and child and prevents unplanned pregnancy.’’
On immunisation, she said that vaccination was urgent and compulsory as it helped the child to fight against major killer diseases.
``It is important that children get needed vaccines at the right time for full protection.
``A child who is not vaccinated is more likely to become sick, permanently disabled or become malnourished and dies.
``Proper breastfeeding helps in family planning; it helps woman to regain all that she lost during last pregnancy and child birth.’’
Mrs Okoli enjoined all pregnant women to attend antenatal clinic and access HIV screening and counseling to know whether they were already infected with it or not.
``If a pregnant woman is HIV positive, she should start HIV treatment immediately as provided by health workers.’’
Women leaders of the communities visited, ensured impressive turn-out of their members, mobilising the right calibre of people required for the training.
They promised to take ownership of the programme by ensuring proper and adequate supervision of the goings-on in their respective communities as ambassadors of change.
Lecture materials on basic health information on maternal, newborn and child health (MNCH) as well as Information, Communication & Education( IEC) materials (facts for life) were handed over to leaders of communities visited. (MOI)
TON
LAWMAKERS URGE GOVERNMENT TO COMPLETE AJALLI-AKPU-NAWFIJA-UFUMA-OGBUNKA ROAD
By Anastacia Agunwa :
Awka, Dec. 5, 2019 (MOI) Anambra State House of Assembly has urged government to prevail on relevant authorities at the Ministry of Works to call back IDC Construction Ltd., to site to complete he Ajalli-Akpu-Nawfija-Ufuma-Ogbunka road.
This is sequel to a motion sponsored during plenary by Mr Emmanuel Nwafor representing Orumba South Constituency on Dec. 3.
The motion was seconded by Mr Sunny Ozobiara, representing Nnewi South 1 constituency.
The resolution was unanimously adopted by the entire House through voice vote.
Speaker, Mr Uchenna Okafor who presided over plenary said that section 15 (a) of 1999 Constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended, says it is the responsibility of states to provide adequate facility to encourage free mobility of goods and services throughout the federation.
Speaking on the motion, Mr Emmanuel Nwafor pointed out that the Ajalli-Akpu-Nawfija-Ufuma-Ogbunka road networks connect several communities which involved two Local Government Areas.
Mr Nwafor expressed worry over withdrawal of the IDC Construction Ltd., the contractor from site and abandonment of the road which had caused serious damages to ready completed the earthworks.
He added that the earthwork had been washed away by rain, thereby causing distortions on various sections of the road.
According to the lawmaker, the non proper channeling of drains is causing serious erosion on embankments at inlet and discharge points of drains, which has caused serious gully erosion on the outlets.
He said that access slabs to individual houses were not completed thereby forcing the villagers to create their own access by covering the reinforced concrete drains which brings out the cracks and depletion on the earth filled sections.
``The total length of the road, Ajalli-Akpu-Nawfija-Ufuma-Ogbunka is 21.215 km with four bridges, the road and drains work were awarded to IDC Construction Ltd., and flagged off by Gov. Willie Obiano led-administration on March, 2018.
``Concerned that out of the 21.215 km road only 5 km earthwork and drainage have been done since the flag-off.’’
The lawmakers, who spoke in favour of the motion, were Mr. Lawrence Ezeudu (Dunukofia), Mr Pete Ibida (Njikoka 2) and Mr Sunny Ozobiara (Nnewi South 1). (MOI)
3C/TON
AGUATA PERSONS LIVING WITH DISABILITIES RECEIVE CHRISTMAS GIFTS
By David Okpala/Stella Okpala :
Ekwulobia (Aguata LGA), Dec. 5, 2019 (MOI) Persons living with disabilities (PWDs) working in Aguata Local Government Area (LGA) have received gifts for Christmas celebration.
The gifts are toiletries, male and female shoes and wears, donated by Dr Oliver Anyabolu, President Community Health Awareness, Oklahoma, U.S.
Dr Anyabolu said that he had persons living with disabilities in mind when he thought of putting smiles on their faces during the Yuletide.
``Please share what you have in these bags peacefully. Make sure each of you gets something.
``It may not solve your Christmas clothing problems, yet, little is better than nothing,’’ he said.
Head of Admin, Aguata LGA, Mr Jaja Nwankwo commended the benefactor for the kind gesture.
``I wish that other wealthy Ndi Anambra can come to me with request like this,’’ he added.
Mr Samuel Obi, who spoke on behalf of PWDs, expressed their gratitude to him.
`` We have never had it as good as this, somebody thinking about us from U.S.,’’ he said.
He prayed for God’s blessings and protection on the benefactor. (MOI)
OON/HNA/TON
GOVERNMENT AWARDS BEST GRADUATING STUDENT OF MIDWIFERY, NURSING
By John Ndu :
Awka, Dec. 4, 2019 (MOI) Anambra State Government has awarded automatic employment to the overall best student in the National Nursing and Midwifery final qualification examination in Nigeria.
Gov. Willie Obiano gave the award during the Executive Council Meeting (EXCO) at Government House, Awka.
Governor also presented the winner, Miss Chisom Ezeani with certificate and a N1, 000, 000 cash award.
Miss Ezeani graduated from St. Joseph's Hospital, Adazi Nnukwu and emerged the overall winner of the National Nursing and Midwifery Final Examination.
While congratulating Miss Ezeani, Gov. Obiano promised not to relent in investing heavily in education and the health sector.
Receiving the award, Miss Ezeani expressed gratitude to the government for the recognition, adding that the gesture was unprecedented in the history of Anambra State.
She promised to continue to make the state proud in her studies as the award would spur her to impact more positively on human lives.
The administrator of the school, Rev. Father Jerome Okafor praised the governor for recognising one of their students, stressing that the award would spur other students to study hard.
The governor also donated a bus to the school to help them in running their day to day activities. (MOI)
OON/OGO/TON
LIVESTOCK FARMERS ENJOINED TO WORK CLOSELY WITH AGRIC EXPERTS
By David Okpala/Stella Okpala :
Ekwulobia (Aguata LGA), Dec. 4, 2019 (MOI) Anambra State Livestock Farmers have been enjoined to work closely with Livestock Department, Ministry of Agriculture to avoid unnecessary losses.
Mr Ikenna Okeke, retired Chief Livestock Superintendent, Anambra Ministry of Agriculture said this while addressing pig farmers during their General Meeting at Aguata Local Government Area (LGA).
``Animals are living things that exist with multiple cells and supported by blood. Such can die, and their death can cause colossal losses to farmers,’’ he explained.
According to Mr Okeke, experts in the Agric Ministry are paid to support livestock farmers to succeed.
``So, you need to register your farm with the ministry, ask questions about anything that can help you to grow your farm.
``There are experts in the animal feed production that can help you to improve in the production of pig feeds.’’
He said that Gov. Willie Obiano was interested in Agriculture, especially livestock production, calling on such farmers to utilise the opportunity made available in the state.
The officer urged farmers to work closely with Agric Ministry to benefit from governor's incentive packages aimed at boosting animal production.
Mr Okeke gave tips on how pig farm could be constructed as well as promised to produce manuals for achieving odourless pig farming.
He enjoined pig farmers to go to the grassroots to convince other farmers to join them to access government facilities in order to develop their farms. (MOI)
OON/ISO/OGO/TON
Ace broadcaster Emmanuel Ugolee authors first book
Broadcaster and voice actor Emmanuel Ugolee has added yet another giant stride to his list of known accomplishments as he turns author with the release of his book titled A Hundred Random Light Bulbs.
Born in Jos Plateau State, Emmanuel Ugolee who hails from Abia state started broadcasting in 1999 with Minaj Broadcast Television as a talk show host.
He went on to create the 1st all Nigerian music video countdown show on TV – The MBI Top 10 Countdown. The show became a launchpad for a lot of iconic music stars including Ruggedman, Plantation Boiz, Sound Sultan, Mode 9 and a host of other musicians and music video directors.
Acrobat falls 30ft to floor while performing in London
An acrobat has been injured in front of hundreds of people at the Winter Wonderland event in Hyde Park. Jackie Armstrong’s foot is believed to have slipped from her harness causing her to crash to the floor at the Zippos Christmas Circus Show.
Witnesses said she did not get back up and staff rushed over to her after the 30ft fall during the Cirque Berserk performance. An audience member said:
‘The lady had one foot in the loop with no actual harness and her foot slipped out and she fell to the floor diagonally. ‘Kids were on the front row and there were people screaming.
READ ALSO: Lampard: Mourinho not right to say I turned my back on Chelsea to join Man City
‘She was yelping in agony, it was traumatic as she bounced as she hit the floor.
There was an announcement after a min or two to all leave.’ The circus was evacuated as paramedics went to her aid following the 6pm performance.
A spokesman for Zippos said: ‘The female British artist, Jackie Armstrong, performs an aerial act and is a highly experienced circus artist with 10 years in the ring. ‘Jackie was immediately attended to on the scene by first aiders and an ambulance called.
She was taken to hospital by ambulance and further information on the nature of her injuries is awaited. ‘Immediately following the incident, audience members were asked to leave the Big Top and offered tickets for the next performance that evening.
READ ALSO: Abia Warriors claim slim win to bring MFM’s fine start to a halt
Circus Founder and Director Martin Burton told MailOnline: ‘Jackie is a very experienced artist whom we value dearly as part of our circus family. ‘Clearly we are concerned and offering her and her family our full support and sympathy at this time.
‘At this stage we cannot comment further as we have no information on any injuries she may have sustained.’
Experts want critical thinkers to lead, transform Nigeria
Stakeholders who converged on the Nnamdi Azikiwe University (NAU) Awka, Anambra State have canvassed the emergence of critical thinkers in leadership positions with a view to transforming Nigeria.
They stated this during the Ninth World Philosophy Day of the United Nations Educational, Social and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) at the Department of Philosophy, Faculty of Arts, with the theme, “Critical Thinking, Leadership and Social Transformation.”
A former Dean of the Faculty of Arts, Rev. Fr. Professor Obi Oguejiofor noted that leaders are drawn to the led if they possess critical thinking, analytical, communicative, creative, open-minded and problem solving to lead and transform organisations or institutions socially and economically.
He lamented that the problems dogging Nigeria and Africa’s developmental path stem from absence of leaders who could think critically from time to time, likening the failure of Nigerians to think critically in the clamour for power shift, which he said, does not produce the best leader who could give justice.
Also, former Chair, Department of English and Speech, A & T State University, North Carolina, United States of America, Professor Chimalu Nwankwo lamented that Africans do not think critically hence their inability to think on their own, but rely on dictates of foreigners.
Another stakeholder, Professor A.U. Igwe wondered if Nigerians apply critical thinking in whatever they do just as he condemned leaders who choose to become egocentric rather than critical thinkers when occupy leadership positions,
Igwe, who is a Professor of History, at NAU, said there were few African leaders who were guided by critical thinking, particularly the former President of Burkina Faso, Thomas Sankara who he described as an ideal leader who employed critical thinking and rational application of force during his regime.
He observed that the UNESCO knows the important role philosophy plays in leadership; hence the declaration of November 21 every year as World Philosophy Day, stressing that critical thinking propels leaders to better the lot of their people.
On his part, Dr. Emmanuel Umezinwa of the Department of Music and the first Master Degree Graduate of Philosophy Department, said western system of thinking has inadvertently made Africans to sharpen their intellect and give too much thought to thinking, adding that there is an “overblown idea of thought.”
Govt. should enforce ban on religious activities in stadia ― Rojenny Proprietor
Rommy Ezeonwuka, Proprietor of Rojenny Stadium and Tourists Village, has called on government at all levels to ban religious and other non-sporting activities in all spots sports stadia in the country. Ezeonwuka made the call when he received members of Sports Writers Association of Nigeria (SWAN), Anambra chapter, who were on tour of sports facilities in the state.
The tour of sports was part of the three day SWAN Week activities in the state.
The facility investor blamed the collapse of most Nigerian stadia on their use for non-sporting activities like religious crusades and political rallies.
He berated successive sports administrators in the country for misuse of the multi-billion Naira facilities for momentary gain.
READ ALSO: Women groups want FG to declare state-of-emergency on GBV
Ezeonwuka said Rojenny was still relevant more than three decades because he refused to allow such distractions in his facility.
“One major factor that is killing our sports facility is the permission to use them for activities that are not sports related, it is sad that government allows crusade, political rallies, burials in our stadia.
“Look at the National Stadium in Surulere, National Stadium Abuja and other facilities that should be used for training our youths for world championships collapsing because our administrators rent them out for money.
“Even here in Anambra, Achebe Stadium, Fegge and Ikpeazu Stadium have collapsed because of these things, it should be stopped and government should outlaw it.
“Sports has a spirit and you must respect the spirit of sports, that is why I have refused to allow anybody to use here for any other thing other than sports, that is the secret of Rojenny survival after 35 years.
“This is the only individually-owned Olympic size Stadium where you can hold most major games without leaving the stadium complex,” he said.
Ezeonwuka said Nigeria had all it takes to dominate sports at the world stage but regretted that administrators have reduced the country to mere training ground where other countries come to adopt talented athletes.
He said Nigeria must try to retain their best so that the country could enjoy the benefits of sporting economy like Europe, America and now, Asia.
On the coming Nigeria Police Games scheduled to hold at Rojenny next year, Ezeonwuka described Rojenny as the proverbial parish waiting for the priest to come and conduct the Holy Mass.
“Bahrain adopted about 10 Nigerians athletes, the young girls that recently won the world championship for them trained here, we must stop the West from poaching on us by placing value on what we have.
“Rojenny is like a parish waiting for the priest, the priest is the government who is supposed to create programmes so that athletes can make use of what we have here.
“It is not easy to run a stadium, even the government is finding it difficult, so those of us in the private sector need encouragement.
“I want to thank the Nigerian Police for finding here worthy and we promise that the 2020 Games will be the best for them,” he said.
In his remark, Philip Balepo, a veteran journalist, said Rojenny deserved a golden place in the history of Nigerian sports because of what he had done for the Nigerian youth.
Balepo, who expressed satisfaction with the ambience of Rojenny environment, called on Nigerian sports administrators to visit the place and see how best it could be optimised for sports growth.
The SWAN team was led by its chairman Anthony Oji.
Reactions
Group sets agenda for next Anambra governor
As the countdown to the search for the successor to the incumbent governor of Anambra state, Willie Obiano, kicks off, a non-governmental organidation (NGO) has set out qualities and agenda for the next governor of the state.
The group under the aegis of Dikeorah Mandate Group said their emergence was propelled by the need to ensure that only the best and committed choice would be picked.
Addressing journalists in Awka shortly after their inauguration, the chairman of the group’s Board of Trustees (BoT), Chief Morris Ebo said they are non-political group committed to a sustained mass sensitisation of Anambra citizens towards choosing a performer as the next governor of the state.
Israel pledges to strengthen bilateral relations with Nigeria
Israeli Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan
The Israeli Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Shimon Ben-Shoshan, has pledged to strengthen bilateral relations between Israel and Nigeria in terms of moral education.
Ben-Shoshan said this on Thursday in Abuja at the grand finale of the 2019 edition National Bible Quiz competition. The event was organised by the Embassy of Israel in Nigeria, in collaboration with Christians United for Israel (CUFI) Nigeria, CAN and Nigeria Pilgrims Board.
According to him, the relationship between Israel and Nigeria in every field had been very good and both would always do things diplomatically from one level to a higher level.
Ben-Shoshan said, “We are very happy to celebrate this year’s contest, we had marvelous contest with participants from across the country.
“Coincidentally, we had people of diverse Nigerian cultures among the participants.
“I was also happy to see a lady among the participants like last year’s, by next year we hope to have more women among the participants make it to the final stage.
READ > Israel: Thousands of Netanyahu supporters set to rally in Tel Aviv
“I hope in 2020 we shall have more than 1900 participants; this is the second edition and it has been a long process from the beginning of this year,
In separate interviews, the winners of the competition commended the programme as rewarding and promised to live up to moral expectations.
Mr Chukwuowo Jerry, 18 years, representing Enugu in the Bible contest emerged first and thanked God for the grace to have emerged as winner.
Jerry, who was the youngest participant in the competition with required age limit pegged at 18, said the process was free and fair.
“I took it as an ordinary contest and I thank God for how it ended in praise, when we get to Israel I will see things that I have never seen.
“I will see things about the Bible I have been reading and to understand the aspects of it in real life, so I thank God,” Jerry said.
Mr Oyare Ayegba, who took second position, also thanked God for placing him as first runner-up of the keenly contested National Bible Quiz.
Ayegba, who represented Akwa Ibom State said, “I thank God for what he has done for me to emerge the second national champion in the bible competition.
“Being first runner up is a good thing and I am grateful to God, I contested last year, but I was not among finalists, I was not among the first three.”
In another interview, Mr Akonde Josiah, who emerged third winner, representing Borno, said confidence reposed in him by his parent and friends was an inspiration for him in the contest.
According to him, I am grateful to God and I appreciate everyone who believed in me beyond myself, which is very important.
“It is not really about knowledge but the grace of God. Since March when we started it has been grace.
“Last year I was here and made part of the 12 finalists and still kept close relationship with those who emerged as winners,” Josiah said.
News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the winners were rewarded with chance to be guests of honour at the International Bible Contest on Dec. 24, in Jerusalem, Israel.
Mrs Nkechinyere Chidi-Mbah, 39, who hails from Abia, was winner of the maiden National Old Testament Competition in Nigeria, with 1,800 participants in 2018.
Kalu’s conviction: Joining ruling party not guarantee against criminal justice ― Nwagwu
Orji Kalu
Meanwhile, people have been offering to help with free legal service and also support the young lady’s education.
Another Twitter user, Jake Okechukwu Effodu, said, “Just catching up with this Babcock University story.
“So the public embarrassment is not enough, the school had to expel her? Please if anyone knows the girl personally, let them reach out. My friends and I are committing to get her into another school.”
Nigerians Marry Late Because It's Difficult For Them To Find The Right Partners, Says Expert
“The act of searching for a partner with the right genotype and looking for a financially capable partner are creating problems for singles in selecting a partner and often times eliminating the feeling of love."
Mope Ogunlusi, a relationship expert and marriage counsellor, has said Nigerians marry late because finding the right partner is usually difficult for them.
Ogunlusi, who has been a counsellor and matchmaker for 15 years, disclosed this on Saturday in Osogbo in an interview with NAN.
She also attributed late marriages to issues of genotype compatibility, financial status and parental influence on who a child should marry.
She said: “A lot of Nigerians are still single and unmarried despite reaching the marriageable age bracket because they often times find it difficult to find the right partners.
“The act of searching for a partner with the right genotype and looking for a financially capable partner are creating problems for singles in selecting a partner and often times eliminating the feeling of love.
“Sometimes, people fall in love just to find out that their genotypes are not compatible and this often times lead to searching all over for a new partner, often times leading to frustration if the same incompatibility keeps re-occurring.”
According to Ogunlusi, a lot of Nigerian singles now have little or no time to socialise and search for a life partner because of the financial pressure they face on daily basis.
“The need for financial security and meeting daily needs has created a routine life style for a lot of people and finding time to socialise has become difficult because of the time invested in searching for daily needs," she said.
In addition to the financial security challenges individuals face, she said some ladies and men are too choosy in selecting their partners based on his or her financial position and status.
She said the trend of looking for rich men or ladies to marry is creating a corrupt cycle that has affected marriage as a sacred institution ordained by God.
She added that some parents set standards for their children on who to marry, which adds to the problem.
Some parents usually set specification of the kind of man or woman their children can marry in terms of looks, tribe, ethnicity, educational qualification and finance, she said, commending, however, the efforts of matchmaking outfits in trying to help eliminate these problems created by social ills and nature, by creating a platform for singles to meet and have their dream marriages come true.
Nigeria’s GDP Grows By 2.28 Per Cent In Third Quater Of 2019
According to the NBS, the growth rate in Q3 of 2019 represents the second-highest quarterly rate recorded since 2016.
Nigeria's gross domestic product has experienced its second highest quarterly growth in four years after growing by 2.28 per cent in the third quarter of 2019, data by Nigeria Bureau of Statistics reveals.
According to the NBS, the growth rate in Q3 of 2019 represents the second-highest quarterly rate recorded since 2016.
The data released shows that the 2.28 per cent gross domestic product growth is 0.17 percentage points higher than the 2.12 per cent revised GDP growth recorded in the second quarter.
The GDP report, which was released on Friday, indicates that the average daily oil production in the quarter was 2.04 million barrels per day.
The report disclosed that the non-oil sector grew by 1.85 per cent during the third quarter.
Driven mainly by the information and communication sector, other drivers of the non-oil sector were agriculture, mining and quarrying, transportation and storage, and manufacturing.
In real terms, the non-oil sector contributed 90.23 per cent to the nation’s GDP.
The mining and quarrying sector grew by 5.98 per cent in Q3 2019.
Quarrying and other minerals exhibited the highest growth rate of all the sub-activities at 58.03 per cent , followed by coal at 43.68 per cent.
Agricultural sector grew by 14.88 per cent in Q3 2019, showing a decline of –3.44 per cent points from the same quarter of 2018.
Nigeria’s Kamaru Usman Retains UFC Welterweight Title
In a thrilling five-round battle, the Nigerian broke his opponent’s jaw to coast home to victory.
Kamaru Usman of Nigeria has defeated Colby Covington in a UFC 245 fight in Las Vegas, United States, to retain his welterweight title.
In a thrilling five-round battle, the Nigerian broke his opponent’s jaw to coast home to victory.
Referee Marc Goddard stepped in at 4:10 of the final round – the fifth latest finish in UFC history – as Usman retained his welterweight title in a thrilling slugfest at the T-Mobile Arena.
The victory makes it 15 straight wins for Usman (16-1), who is now 11-0 in UFC.
At the time of the stoppage, one judge had it at 2-2, while one had it 3-1 for Usman, and another 3-1 for Covington, who fell to just his second loss in the promotion.
“This one is not just for me, this one is for the whole entire world right now,” Usman said after his triumph, according to Mirror Post.
Nnamdi Kanu's Lawyer Demands N2bn Over Police Invasion Of House
A clash in his home in Orafite, Ekwusigo Local Government Area of Anambra State, on December 2, 2019 led to the killing of three of his kinsmen and two policemen.
File Photo: Ifeanyi Ejiofor addressing IPOB members
Ifeanyi Ejiofor, lawyer to leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, who was declared wanted by the Nigerian Police after his house was set ablaze, has dragged the police to court over the incident.
A clash in his home in Orafite, Ekwusigo Local Government Area of Anambra State, on December 2, 2019 led to the killing of three of his kinsmen and two policemen.
Ejiofor is asking a court to declare as illegal the move by the police declaring him wanted, stating that the police did not give him adequate time, opportunity and facilities to appear and respond to a complaint before the invasion of his home.
He is also asking the court to grant an order restraining the respondents, their agents, privies and howsoever called from further harassing, intimidating, threatening the life of the applicant and destroying the house and properties.
He is also asking for an order “directing the respondents to forthwith retract the publication/notice made to the public on December 3, 2019 declaring the applicant wanted.
“Compensatory and general damages in the sum of N2,000,000,000.00 (Two Billion Naira Only), against the police."
He is further asking for an unreserved public apology to the applicant in five national dailies and any other form of reparation that the court may deem fit to grant.
North Vs South Korea: World's Strangest Football Derby Holds Today
It's not too rare for the two sides to face off – but it's almost unheard of to play in the North's capital, Pyongyang. In fact, it has only happened once, in 1990.
Getty Images
On Tuesday, North and South Korea will play a football derby like no other, the BBC reports.
It's not too rare for the two sides to face off – but it's almost unheard of to play in the North's capital, Pyongyang. In fact, it has only happened once, in 1990.
There will be no live broadcast, no fans from the South, and no foreign media at all in the stands.
After some progress in 2018 - when sports partly broke the ice - ties between North and South are at a low.
Safe to say, this is a match the home side will not be taking lightly.
Football is the most popular spectator sport in North Korea and sports are hugely important for the North, Andray Abrahamian, Senior Adjunct Fellow at the Pacific Forum, told the BBC.
It provides a focal point for pride and patriotism. In a sense, it's pretty similar to how other countries use sports for social purposes.
Kick-off between the two men's national teams will be in the early evening (08:30 GMT), but if you want to follow the match, you'll have a hard time.
Apart from the fact it isn't being broadcast live, even international tourists currently in North Korea won't be allowed to watch the game.
NUC Exposes 100 Fake University Professors In Nigeria
Rasheed said that details of the fake professors had been posted on the NUC website and the commission had to send the names to the various universities for verification.
Around 100 fake professors have been unearthed by the National Universities Commission in Nigeria, according to the Executive Secretary of the commission, Prof Abubakar Rasheed.
Rasheed said that details of the fake professors had been posted on the NUC website and the commission had to send the names to the various universities for verification.
This was contained in a recent bulletin of NUC, a report by Daily Sun said.
The NUC boss disclosed that the updated version of those documents would be published by December 2019 and that professors in their respective universities were made to upload their resume on the website which was used in the compilation of the directory and helped identify fake ones in the system.
He encouraged vice chancellors to have accurate statistics of staff, students and other components in their respective universities.
Rasheed stressed that the fight against fake professors was a collective responsibility, adding that lecturers were no longer permitted to teach in more than two universities, while minimum teaching of eight hours should be enforced.
Omoyele Sowore's Abduction And Implications Of Doing Business In Nigeria By Ayo Moses Ogedengbe
The very first item on the list touches directly on the gross injustices against Omoyele Sowore and his supporters and clearly sends a sharp message of disregard for the rule of law and the issue of personal and property tights.
There are too many civilised "nonentities" in Nigeria that think that they are trendy and classy just because they don't comment on national developments.
I understand if you are satisfied with your salary, three bedroom flat and used SUV and as a result have no dreams for the country of your birth.
I personally have a dream for Nigeria and so does many other citizens like Omoyele Sowore, who are frustrated and opinionated.
To seek a revolution without carrying fire arms or taking steps to overthrow government is not and can never be a crime.
To seek to raise the consciousness of the citizens by asking them to demand change is never a crime.
That is why democracy as a system of government is defined as "government of the people, by the people and for the people" and not government of tyranny, by a tyrant and for the slaves.
If protesting and calling the protest #RevolutionNow were a crime, the courts should have been able to convict Omoyele Sowore after keeping him for over 120 days.
So, please note that your abstinence and silence from national issues of injustices, corruption and poor public services delivery does not make you a better person.
You are just myopic and damn too selfish.
You see, I am writing this piece because someone said to me that I should leave Sowore’s matter alone and face my business on WhatsApp and I laughed.
He will be reading this post so I have decided to grant him the anonymous identity as his view remain myopic in my own opinion.
For you, who is reading now, be reminded that the idea around the statement when you are told to "mind your business" is not just to sell your products and services.
It is also to show interest in your country and speak out against injustices and the violation of the social contract, at least, on a need to say basis.
If your country becomes a banana republic where people are kidnapped in the courts of law in broad day light, what will happen to your business and your plans to partner with global brands?
Every serious business generates an annual report at the end of each year that includes taking a look at the technological, political, social and economic environment in which it operates.
This skill of environmental scanning, which is necessary for writing such a report is primarily the duty of a sound public relations practitioner, who has the knowledge, skill and attitude to research happenings and developments in the society and report same to management and leadership of the organisation or the client he serves for effective planning purposes.
Yes, this helps for planning and carrying stakeholders along in business projections and the possible benefits of occurrences in the business environment as well as the possible dangers ahead for a free market economy.
It is not “tush" or "classy" to operate like you are immune from the developments in the environment in which you operate and live.
For instance, based on the poor medical services in the country today, if anybody at all gets involved in a minor accident or contracts a minor disease that should be otherwise curable and manageable where effective and efficient medical services exist, such may result into the death of the victim.
As impunity becomes a culture reminiscent of 1984, let me state very clearly that a genuine foreign investor will definitely be scared of coming to do business in Nigeria knowing full well that if a well-respected citizen and prominent leader like Omoyele Sowore can be abducted in the law courts, anything can sure happen to him or her as well as his or her investments.
If you add this to the myriad of unsolved criminal cases of fraud, kidnapping, terrorist bombing and the absence of efficient and effective public services, how exactly do you expect a young millionaire in Monaco, who sees opportunities for long-term investment in Nigeria to so want to?
So, when you think that keeping quiet is a matter of sophistry and status symbol, I beg to disagree.
How exactly is it a matter of class or civilisation to keep quiet in the face of injustice?
One of the greatest dangers for any business is the violation of the rule of law and the principles of justice, equality and the right to be heard.
Businesses thrive best where the rule of law is respected and the justice system is well established to serve the general public without fear or favour.
For the avoidance of doubt, here are the few things among many others that a businessman or woman thinks about before investing outside his country of birth:
1. Political stability, personal and property rights.
2. Labour skills.
3. Tax rates.
4. Transport and infrastructure.
5. Size of economy and potential for growth.
Without disregard for number 2 to 4, let me say very clearly that no businessman will leave his country in pursuit of profit if the other four items on the list are guaranteed where the first on the list isn't.
The very first item on the list touches directly on the gross injustices against Omoyele Sowore and his supporters and clearly sends a sharp message of disregard for the rule of law and the issue of personal and property tights.
Therefore, I think that the government should look into this matter and think of us businessmen, who are trying to partner other companies with greater capacities for partnership and the clear purpose of creating wealth as well as employment opportunities for the over 30 million young Nigerian roaming the country aimlessly.
Ayo Moses Ogedengbe is a Branding and Public Relations Strategist
Orji Kalu’s Properties Marked By EFCC Over N7bn Fraud
According to a statement by spokesperson for the agency, Wilson Uwujaren, the marking of the properties followed the December 5, 2019 order of Justice Muhammed Idris sitting at the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos.
Anti-graft agency, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, has marked properties belonging to a former governor of Abia State, Orji Uzor Kalu.
According to a statement by spokesperson for the agency, Wilson Uwujaren, the marking of the properties followed the December 5, 2019 order of Justice Muhammed Idris sitting at the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos.
The Sun newspaper and Slok Nigeria Ltd are among Kalu’s properties marked by the EFCC.
The former Abia State governor, who is currently serving a 12-year jail term, is facing prosecution over N7.5bn belonging to the state he misappropriated while presiding over the affairs of the state.
As Orji Uzor Kalu Goes To Jail, FFK And Patience Jonathan Should Be Next By Churchill Okonkwo
Finally, as Senator Kalu goes to prison, the cases against Femi Fani-Kayode, Patience Jonathan and Tinubu should be expedited. If convicted, they should be made to refund all monies accumulated through corrupt means and made to enjoy a couple of years in jail. That is the real first step to purge the Nigerian system of endemic corruption.
The crucial element that has been missing in the fight against corruption in Nigeria is the absence of a high-profile conviction that will deter offenders from engaging in corrupt acts. And what better way is there to cross that threshold than sending one of the symbols of corruption in Nigeria in the 4th Republic, Orji Uzor Kalu, to prison.
With this conviction, which, hopefully, will be upheld by higher courts, you can now understand why those of us that voted for President Muhammadu Buhari, though disappointed with the lackluster start in the fight against corruption, are tickled. Though we are thrilled, we are also cautiously optimistic, conscious of the fact that tackling corruption in this present Nigeria is a tall order.
However, we are confident that the right steps can and should be taken to convict other high profile political elites like Bola Tinubu, Patience Jonathan, Olisa Metu, Femi Fani-Kayode, and co.
Before Orji Uzor Kalu joined the All Progressives Congress from the Peoples Democratic Party, he turned Abia State to a wasteland. He gave Abia State the worst governor in the fourth Republic in the person of Theodore Orji.
What is interesting in this case is that Orji Uzor Kalu claimed in a Facebook message that he joined the APC because “Buhari personally promised me that all the contractors in the South-East will return to sites before the end of November. I joined the APC because President Buhari has fulfilled the promise he made to me and we are hopeful he will do more.”
As a reward for joining the APC, President Buhari awarded several Federal Road contracts to his construction firm SLOK Holding. Also, the Niger Delta Development Commission recently awarded and funded SLOK Holdings to reconstruct the Umuahia-Uzuakoli Road as well as Uzuakoli-Ozuitem Road.
Unfortunately for Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, his court case with the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission did not drag out forever as he expected. With this conviction, too, his 2023 APC Presidential ambition is now dead. With this conviction, too, Nigerian are expecting the light of the fight against corruption to be turned on in the dark alleys on all pending corruption cases against former and serving public officials.
Now that Kalu is going to prison, the likes of Tinubu, Patience Jonathan, Olisa Metu, Femi Fani-Kayode should be made to account for their stewardship in public office. Sending Senator Kalu to prison will also, hopefully, deter Buhari’s aides from engaging in corrupt acts.
With the conviction of Kalu, Nigerians are expecting and demanding for the recovery of the $1.1bn paid to the London account of Malabu Oil and Gas by Goodluck Jonathan. A court of competent jurisdiction recently ordered the final forfeiture of N9.2m and $8.4m belonging to Patience Jonathan, wife of former President Goodluck Jonathan. The question for EFCC is why did they not ask the judge to put her in jail for enriching herself through corrupt means?
Mrs. Jonathan had ridiculously claimed that the monies were proceeds of goodwill donations from Nigerians, which she enjoyed as wife of a deputy governor, governor, and president. What a joke.
It is also a big joke that the EFCC is not taking seriously the petition against Tinubu’s display of two cash-laden bullion vans on his premises on the eve of the 2019 Presidential election in February. Is EFCC afraid of investigating Tinubu for money laundering?
Also, the N4.6bn money laundering case preferred against Fani-Kayode, who was Director of Publicity to the Goodluck Jonathan Presidential Campaign Organisation in 2015 has been dragging on forever. Why are these high-profile cases still pending?
Our courts have been sending petty thieves to jail every day. So, it’s not a case of the judicial system. Rather, it is a case of corrupt judges, Attorney-General, and others bribed to stupor that they turn a blind eye.
With Senator Kalu’s conviction however, the corruption cases of former governors (now distinguished senators) that has been ongoing for “eternity” should be expedited and offenders convicted and jailed. Most importantly, the EFCC should be re-organised and re-engineered as a matter of urgency.
Finally, as Senator Kalu goes to prison, the cases against Femi Fani-Kayode, Patience Jonathan and Tinubu should be expedited. If convicted, they should be made to refund all monies accumulated through corrupt means and made to enjoy a couple of years in jail. That is the real first step to purge the Nigerian system of endemic corruption.
On Twitter @Churchillnnobi
Oshiomhole Goofed: Standard Chartered Bank Says It's Not A South African Firm
However, Standard Chartered told SaharaReporters: “Standard Chartered Bank Nigeria Limited is fully owned by Standard Chartered Plc, a British group.
Standard Chartered Bank has refuted a claim by Adams Oshiomhole, the National Chairman of Nigeria's ruling party, the All Progressives Congress, that it is a South African company.
Oshiomhole, who spoke on the xenophobic attacks on Nigerians and other foreign nationals in South Africa, urged the Nigerian government to take over all South African firms in the country including Standard Chartered.
Oshiomhole had said, “We also know that Standard Chartered Bank and Stanbic Bank, are all South African banks, Nigerians may have more shares there if any. It is time to ask them to wind up so that Nigerian banks will take advantage of their departure and expand their operations. We have enough to save by transferring these businesses to Nigerians.”
However, Standard Chartered told SaharaReporters: “Standard Chartered Bank Nigeria Limited is fully owned by Standard Chartered Plc, a British group.
“Standard Chartered PLC is a leading international bank, listed on the London, Hong Kong, and Mumbai stock exchanges.
“It has operated for over 150 years in some of the world's most dynamic markets and earns more than 90 per cent of its income and profits in Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
“This geographic focus and commitment to developing deep relationships with clients and customers have driven the bank’s growth in recent years.”
Osun Government Shuts Down School Over Teachers, Students Clash
It was gathered that some students and teachers in the school engaged in physical fight, wielding cutlasses and sticks, a situation that caused tension in the area.
The Osun State government has ordered the immediate closure of Baptist High School, Gbodofon, Osogbo, after some irate students engaged teachers in physical duel and vandalised school properties, according to TheFlash, a local newspaper.
Commissioner for Education, Mr Oladoyin Folorunsho, gave the order while inspecting the school to assess the level of damage by the students.
It was gathered that some students and teachers in the school engaged in physical fight, wielding cutlasses and sticks, a situation that caused tension in the area.
A student, who pleaded anonymity, told journalists that the duel started last week Wednesday when some unknown students stormed the school.
He said, “We saw some students last week Wednesday in our school armed with machete and this made everyone to run for their lives.
“Although, hardly will a month pass that we don’t experience something like this and whenever such occurs, some of the irate students usually locked our teachers in their staff room.
“Last week Friday, they stormed our school again and some bold teachers confronted them which in turn led to the fight between the teachers and students.”
Oladoyin who expressed displeasure over the misconduct of the students ordered that the case be thoroughly investigated so that the perpetrators of the act will be brought to book.
He said that the estimated cost of the damages should be determined as the concerned students will be made to pay to serve as a lesson to others.
Our Reaction To Takeover Of Sowore's Case By Attorney-General Of Federation By Femi Falana
In view of the foregoing, we urge the AGF to file a nolle prosequi motion without any further delay to end the macabre dance, which has exposed the country to avoidable embarrassment.
It is not a takeover because it was the Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abukabar Malami (SAN), that filed Omoyele Sowore's case and farmed it out to Dr Hassan Liman (San). But in view of the violent invasion of the court by armed operatives of the SSS, the AGF has decided to sack the prosecution team and have the case prosecuted by the DPP.
Having been advised that Sowore cannot be convicted on the basis of the proof of evidence filed in court, the SSS has refused to make the statements of the prosecution witnesses available to the defendants as ordered by the trial court. Hence, hearing in the case has been adjourned to February 20, 2020 at the instance of the prosecution.
Convinced that the pending case would collapse like a pack of cards, the SSS is currently fishing for evidence to nail Sowore. In spite of the directive of the AGF to take over the case, the SSS subjected Sowore to a four-hour interrogation on Thursday.
The entire interrogation pertained to Sowore's alleged links with the proscribed Boko Haram sect, IPOB and IMN, which he vehemently denied. At Sowore's instance, a member of the legal defence team, Mr Abubakar Marshal, witnessed the marathon interrogation. The plan of the SSS is to charge Sowore with terrorism in line with the unsubstituted allegations of presidential media aides.
In view of the foregoing, we urge the AGF to file a nolle prosequi motion without any further delay to end the macabre dance, which has exposed the country to avoidable embarrassment.
Peddlers Of Fake News Are Cowards, Says Soyinka
He also directed what appeared to be criticism at Obasanjo's support for Atiku's candidature.
Wole Soyinka, Nigeria’s only Nobel Laureate, says those who spread fake news are cowards and may need psychiatric evaluation.
He also directed what appeared to be criticism at Obasanjo's support for Atiku's candidature.
The literary icon spoke during a symposium in Abuja, on Wednesday, but did not directly mention neither Obasanjo nor Atiku, in his speech.
He questioned the former president's change of heart, which seemed to refer to Obasanjo's initial stance on his former vice-president.
His words: “We have got to develop very healthy scepticism. If someone in a position of power for eight years, has lectured a nation for eight years and after that continued year after year to continue to direct the minds of a whole nation in one direction only saying ‘this is Lucifer from hell’, for eight years in office and several more years out of office saying this is Lucifer and then one day he changed his left hand and says behold your redeemer, which of the two is fake news?”
Obasanjo had heavily criticized Atiku, who was his vice, during his eight years of presidency.
In his book titled ‘My Watch’, Obasanjo described Atiku as a “shameless liar”.
At a time, Obasanjo said God would never forgive him if he supports Atiku. However, he took a different turn in 2018 when he endorsed the candidacy of Atiku Abubakar.
Speaking further at the symposium, which was themed ‘Nigeria 2019: Countering Fake News', Soyinka advised that psychiatrists be involved in the advocacy against fake news. He reasoned that peddlers of fake news have mental problems.
He went on to share his experience on how fake news has affected him, saying he had heard of news of his own death numerous times and laughable statements which never originated from him had been circulated as his.
He continued: "During the last presidency, there was a statement attributed to me that I said that it serves President Jonathan right for marrying an illiterate woman. I never made any comment whatsoever about her and suddenly here it is staring me in the face.
“An account (on Facebook) has even been created in my name and from time to time a card is sent to me and it reads, ‘Wole Soyinka says anyone who votes for this person must be stupid, must be mentally retarded, his mother must be a goat and his father must be a gorilla.’
“And this comes on all the time and I don’t want to understate the numerous motivations going into this. Although basically, I think the commonality is that those who create fake news are sick in the head and they are also cowards because they lack the conviction for their own beliefs and so they try to attribute to other people what they are thinking.”
“I have insisted that it is something that must be treated criminally but I don’t want this to become an opportunity for our very bloodthirsty legislators to push the kind of law which they tried to enact the other time which they were decreeing capital punishment for any hate speech.
“I don’t know how far it has gone, whether they have dropped it or if it is on the president's table but nothing I say today should be taken as an endorsement of that lunacy.
“If people are bloodthirsty they should go and join Boko Haram instead of using the legislative chambers to initiate another opportunity for slaughtering people for speaking their minds like Khashoggi. Let us be very careful about that.”
He advised that social media platforms like Facebook should put in more efforts in curtailing fake news. He also called on the need for INTERPOL and other global law enforcement agencies to join hand in the war against fake news.
Soyinka also took out time to comment on the leaked audio of Rotimi Amaechi, the Minister of Transportation.
“Just two or three days ago, I read an item where a minister was supposed to have insulted the president and it was carried in some media and I checked the statement and of course there was a video and so on and I looked through it, I read the text again and again and I said I have to relearn English language because I didn’t see where the insults were.
“So sometimes, print media feels compelled to compete with the electronic media and this is a great mistake because there is a reputation, there is an expectation and you should not be embarrassed to show yourself superior to a medium which is accessible to the lowest, the very dregs of society.”
Pius Adesanmi To Be Buried On Saturday
Adesanmi, born February 27, 1972, was author of the popular book Naija No Dey Carry Last, a 2015 collection of satirical essays.
The family of late Prof Pius Adesanmi has announced the burial of the Nigerian-born Canadian scholar, writer, literary critic and columnist, who died on March 10, 2019 when an Ethiopian Airline aircraft crashed shortly after take-off.
Adesanmi, born February 27, 1972, was author of the popular book Naija No Dey Carry Last, a 2015 collection of satirical essays.
Adesanmi was a Fellow of the French Institute for Research in Africa from 1993 to 1997, and of the French Institute of South Africa in 1998 and 2000.
From 2002 to 2005, he was Assistant Professor of Comparative Literature at the Pennsylvania State University, United States.
In 2006, he joined Carleton University in Ottawa, Canada, as a professor of Literature and African Studies.
He was the director of the university's Institute of African Studies until his death.
Players, Coaching Staff Of Southampton To Donate Wages After 9-0 Hammering By Leicester
Southampton play League Cup holders, City, in the fourth round of the competition on Tuesday and are back there on Saturday for a Premier League clash.
Southampton’s players and coaching staff are to donate their wages from last Friday to the Saints Foundation in a first step towards redeeming themselves following the 9-0 hammering by Leicester City.
Friday’s rout equalled Manchester United’s 9-0 demolition of Ipswich at Old Trafford in March 1995 for the biggest win in Premier League history.
Saints manager, Ralph Hassenhuttl — who accepted the blame for the humiliation — has the daunting task of rebuilding his players’ morale ahead of two trips to Manchester City this week.
Southampton play League Cup holders, City, in the fourth round of the competition on Tuesday and are back there on Saturday for a Premier League clash.
In a statement, the club said, “Southampton Football Club’s first-team players and coaching staff have announced they will be donating their wages from last Friday to Saints Foundation.
“The squad has been in at Staplewood Campus throughout the weekend, working on putting things right for the club’s supporters.
“As the first step towards that, the group has decided that they wish to donate their wages from the day of the Leicester game to Saints Foundation, in order to help the vital work that is conducted by the charity.”
Police Arrest, Detain Wema Bank Agents For Violating Lease Agreement
The arrests were made after Green Grace Farmers approached the police
and pressed charges against them before an Ikeja high court, Lagos for
violating the lease agreement and illegal occupation of its premises.
Lagos state Commissioner of Police, Zubairu Muazu
vanguard
The Lagos State Police Command has arrested and detained the trio ofMr. Oluwaseun Akadiri, Mr. Tunde Olafimihan and Olufemi Samuel, whoare agents of Wema Bank Nigeria Plc and House of Prayers Ministry ForAll Nations over a lease agreement with Green Grace Farmers MarketNigeria limited.The arrests were made after Green Grace Farmers approached the policeand pressed charges against them before an Ikeja high court, Lagos forviolating the lease agreement and illegal occupation of its premises.Meanwhile, Mr. Oluwaseun and the other suspects have been granted bailpending further hearing on the case preferred against Wema BankNigeria Plc, Mrs. Olubimpe, Mr/Mrs. Olusola Toheebah, Taidol, andtheir agents.Mrs. Siyanbola Olubimpe, an employee of Wema Bank, Ijede Ikorodubranch in the company of Mr/Mrs. Olusola Toheebah reportedly deceivedthe management of Green Grace Farmers Ltd with the impression thatthey were coming to invest in the firm.A company, Transcon Integrated Business Limited, was said to beinvolved in the fraud case deals.Prior to the arrest, Green Grace Farmer’s Market's email accountregistered with Wema Bank was said to have been changed without GreenGrace’s consent.Green Grace Farmers' management is accusing Transcon IntegratedBusiness Limited of committing a fraud in the name of Green GraceFarmers Market Ltd, allegedly using forged letterheads of Green Gracecompany.The case has been adjourned until December 12.
Polytechnic Examiner Gets 20 Years' Imprisonment For Exam Malpractice
Delivering the judgment, Justice Abdulmalik, stated that the convict was to serve four years jail term on each of the five counts bringing the total to 20 years imprisonment.
Olanrewaju Kayode, a part-time examiner at The Polytechnic, Ibadan has been sentenced to 20-year imprisonment for engaging in examination malpractice.
Kayode was arraigned by the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC) in June 2016 on a 5-count charge for allegedly collecting money from five students of the institution and attempting to assist them to alter and secure higher exam scores on different scripts written outside the examination hall.
He was sentenced by Justice Joyce Abdulmalik of the Federal High Court sitting in Ibadan, Oyo State after being found guilty of all charges preferred against him.
Delivering the judgment, Justice Abdulmalik, stated that the convict was to serve four years jail term on each of the five counts bringing the total to 20 years imprisonment.
The sentence is to run concurrently commencing from 20 June 2016, the first day of his arrest.
Kayode was a part-time examiner who assessed and marked students’ examination scripts of the Department of Accountancy of The Polytechnic, Ibadan.
President Buhari, 3 Northern Governors Jet Off To Saudi Arabia For Business
The event, scheduled to hold from October 29 to 31, will witness
President Buhari join in the conversation on 'What’s Next for Global Business?', the
theme of the event.
President Muhammadu Buhari will today depart Nigeria for Saudi Arabiato attend the third edition of the Future Investment Initiativeorganised by Saudi’s Public Investment Fund.Garba Shehu, the Senior Special Assistant to the President, statedthis in a statement on Sunday.The event, scheduled to hold from October 29 to 31, will witnessPresident Buhari join in the conversation on 'What’s Next for Global Business?', thetheme of the event.The three-day event will be held under the patronage of the Custodianof the Two Holy Mosques, King Salman bin Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia andchaired by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz, deputypremier, chairman of the Council of Economic and Development Affairsand PIF.The conference is focused on utilizing the investment to drive growthopportunities, enable innovation and disruptive technologies, andaddress global challenges.More than 4,000 delegates from over 90 countries are expected toparticipate in the FII 2019, which will also host 12 workshops ondifferent topics including cities, energy, climate, health, data,mobility, food, travel, sports, shopping, and youth.Buhari will be accompanied by Governor Babagana Zulum of Borno State,Governor Abubakar Bagudu of Kebbi State and Governor Aminu BelloMasari of Katsina State.Also on the entourage are Minister of State, Foreign Affairs, ZubairuDada, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Niyi Adebayo,Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, Timipre Sylva, Minister ofCommunications, Ibrahim Pantami, the National Security Adviser, MajorGeneral Babagana Monguno (retd), Director General, NationalIntelligence Agency, Ambassador Ahmed Rufa’i Abubakar, and the GroupManaging Director, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC),Mele Kolo Kyari.After the investors’ conference in Riyadh, Buhari will proceed toMakkah, accompanied by close personal aides, to perform the Umrah(lesser pilgrimage) before returning to Abuja.
As President Buhari Joins PDP By Sonala Olumhense
The truth is that with Buhari’s intended cabinet, he has clearly given up
every pretense of combating corruption or achieving anything. His
nominations are a cynical and arrogant slap on the face of hope.
Sonala Olumhense Syndicated
In the mid-1980s, I became friends with a legendary Nigerian soldier known as “Black Scorpion.” His real name was Benjamin Adekunle, smallish stripe of a man who had acquired the reputation of a killer during the civil war. Tales abound about how he could reduce opposing military formations—and men twice his size—to dissolution and tears.
When we met, I was the editor of ThisWeek magazine, and our offices were in Surulere where he lived. Encouraged by his endless supplies of adult beverages, we would discuss politics and books in his home for hours.
Books? I was stunned by the man’s love for books. He owned two large libraries, and you could borrow any you wished. On one condition: you had to sign for it and return it in no later than two weeks. Actually the way he saw it: if you read a book, that deserved a lavish supply of those beverages, to help with a full interrogation of the ideas in it.
That was a new school to me: that a military man known for brutality would be so dedicated to enriching himself intellectually and culturally. Black Scorpion’s eloquence spoke volumes. But it was his insights that impressed me the most. Such wealth can arise from interaction with the world through training and travel, of course, but it is in books—the land of the minds of others—that they are most powerful. That is probably because the agricultural processes in the mind of the reader continue to nurture that individual through time in ways others cannot see.
This is what occurred to me last week when I first read the list of the cabinet nominees President Muhammadu Buhari sent to the Senate.
I do not know the last time Buhari read a book. Or a newspaper. Or a magazine. Or whether he has ever read a book. Or a newspaper. Or a magazine.
And given his secretive medical history, I do not know the last time Buhari heard anything. I don’t mean hearing simply in what people are saying on the streets, on radio or on television, but in the basic terms of human hearing: sound waves vibrating through the ear canal into the inner ear. As in the interpretation of sound. Because if Buhari can either read or hear, or both, there is a major disconnect between his physical and intellectual abilities, and his mental output. Just as there has been a major disconnect between his words and his actions for four years.
Take his latest cabinet nominations, for instance. The list contains some people that most Nigerians didn’t know; some that are well-known; and a few that are described as excellent human beings. But mostly—and I cite contemporary history in evidence—it consists of established thieves, election riggers, failed and/or compromised former Ministers and former Governors, state looters, federal looters, and parallel state/federal looters.
Yes, the same Buhari who swore to vanquish corruption, nominated or re-nominated them. The same Buhari who suggested that some of them had failed to perform in his first term only because they had been strangers to him when he appointed them, and who took five months to find new Ministers, re-nominated them.
This is why, two and a half years ago, I said “Buhari’s much-heralded leadership has become a farce, and his ability to make a positive impact on Nigeria, a hoax.”
In the weeks before he named new nominees, the same Buhari who had sworn he would scour the world for Nigeria’s very best, was telling the world he would only appoint people known to him. Which, for a man who has become established for nepotism, was unnecessary: if you already enjoy global infamy, why seize the microphone to broadcast history as spoiler?
Under Buhari’s nurturing, corruption has mutated from an Alsatian dog to a lion. Under Buhari, the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) has become the byword for corruption, incompetence and malice. It is a party where political godfathers own states and eat their people, as Bola Tinubu’s Lagos and Adams Oshiomhole’s Edo, demonstrate.
The same Oshiomhole, now the APC chairman, explained the party’s real philosophy during a rally in Benin City last January: there is no Nigeria or justice, only politics: “Yes, once you join the APC, your sins are forgiven,” he announced.
Under Buhari, petitions against people known to Buhari simply disappear, as in the case of two (former) Governors/Ministers who allegedly looted Lagos and Rivers States. Oshiomhole himself was dragged to court for fraud and interrogated by the police for taking massive bribes to influence party primaries.
Under Buhari, a governor can be caught on video stuffing millions of dollar bills into his agbada, as in the case of Kano Governor Abdullahi Ganduje, and yet enjoy his confidence rather than suffer his anger or investigation. Or you can be a former governor, such as Danjuma Goje, who gets your long EFCC trial vacated by the president. Because there is only APC.
Under Buhari, you don’t have to be qualified, or to have a valid certificate: should you need one, you can forge one, or explain that yours was eaten by termites or rats.
Under Buhari, you don’t have to achieve anything to receive a major appointment, or to achieve anything once you are appointed.
Under Buhari, funds in your care do not have to be used to serve the people or to accomplish set objectives. And funds, of course, can be eaten by snakes or gorillas.
Under Buhari, no corruption case initiated by the administration has seen any convictions. Precedent is clear that members of Buhari’s cabinet and party under investigation or trial will either have their cases dropped, or benefit from what I call “Nollywood trials”: the kind that go on year after year after year. Rotimi Amaechi, a returnee-Minister, earlier this month provided a reflection.
“I know politicians who have suddenly become billionaires, and this is the money that should have been used to build roads and provide amenities that could have been used to improve the lives of citizens,” he told a group of young Nigerians.
Note that he specifically said “suddenly.” And “billionaires,” not millionaires.
And consider that there have been only seven Ministers in that portfolio in the past 20 years, some of them serving but briefly. Which of them do you think became billionaires, unknown to Mr. Integrity?
Note also, that Amaechi made the statement just 24 hours after Buhari promised that APC will lift 100 million Nigerians out of poverty in 10 years.
Commented the former governor: “Our politicians have to be clear about how they intend to lift people out of poverty.”
The truth is that with Buhari’s intended cabinet, he has clearly given up every pretense of combating corruption or achieving anything. His nominations are a cynical and arrogant slap on the face of hope.
“If we don’t kill corruption, corruption will kill Nigeria,” he used to say.
Well, he didn’t, or ever intended to try. And now, that the hiding is over, it is clear where the Nigeria story is going.Now we have that out of the way, all that is left is an apology to PDP, no literacy skills needed.
 [email protected] @SonalaOlumhense
Probe Of DSS Court Invasion Ordered By Nigerian Senate
The secret police had stormed the place to effect the rearrest of pro-democracy campaigner and journalist, Omoyele Sowore, who was standing trial in a case brought against him by the Nigerian Government.
The Nigerian Senate is set to investigate the invasion of the Federal High Court, Abuja, by operatives of the Department of State Services last Friday.
Evidently, Mr Bichi’s DSS has become a major threat to the norms and values of a democratic system. The time has come for Mr Yusuf Bichi to step down as the head of the organisation.     We hereby demand that he should immediately step down as boss of the DSS. We also demand that the DSS tenders a public apology to the judiciary for its unwarranted assault on the sacred institution."
Sade Adu’s Child Completes Transition From Female To Male
Thank you for staying by my side these past six months Mumma. Thank you for fighting with me to complete the man I am.
Child of British-Nigerian singer, Sade Adu, Izaak, has completed the transition from female to male following the success of a phalloplasty (a plastic surgery to construct a penis).
In an emotional message on his Instagram handle on Thursday, Izaak, who is the only child of the soulful singer from her former relationship with reggae music producer, Bob Morgan, expressed gratitude to Adu for sticking by him throughout the process.
He shared a picture of himself hugging his mom upon his return home after the successful surgery.
Alongside the picture, he wrote. “It’s been a long, hard road but we did it. We are coming home.
“Thank you for staying by my side these past six months Mumma. Thank you for fighting with me to complete the man I am.
“Thank you for your encouragement when things are hard, for the love you give me. The purest heart. I love you so much.”
In 2016, Izaak came out as transgender to coincide with National Coming Out Day.
Set Your Ovaries Free', President Tells Women
He said a higher birth rate would achieve faster progress.
John Magufuli, Tanzania's President has called on women to "set your ovaries free" and bear more children so that the country can enjoy demographic dividends.
Magufuli, who cited Nigeria and China as examples, said, "When you have a big population you build the economy. That's why China's economy is so huge.
I know that those who like to block ovaries will complain about my remarks. Set your ovaries free, let them block theirs.
Aljazeera reports that since taking office in 2015, Magufuli has launched an industrialization campaign that has helped buoy economic growth, which has averaged six to seven percent annually in recent years.
He said a higher birth rate would achieve faster progress.
Shoprite Will Suffer From Xenophobic Attacks, Says Analyst
The multinational has seen its shops attacked in Nigeria and also fell on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, along with telecoms firm, MTN.
An analyst at Mergence Investment Managers in Cape Town, South Africa, Nolwandle Mthombeni, has said that consumer retail chain, Shoprite, will be hard hit by recent reprisal attacks on South African businesses across several countries on the continent.
The multinational has seen its shops attacked in Nigeria and also fell on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, along with telecoms firm, MTN.
He told Bloomberg South Africa that, “From footage I’ve seen, it most definitely will hit Shoprite hard because it goes beyond lost sales, but also cost of repairs and restoring the damage.”
Leaders of Congo DR, Rwanda, Zambia, Nigeria and a few others boycotted the World Economic Forum summit holding in South Africa.
The Nigerian Government has also asked the South African Government to pay compensation for damages done to Nigerian businesses in the country.
Over 50 shops owned by nationals of other African countries including Nigerians were broken into and looted by South Africans in a spate of attacks that started on Sunday.
Several Nigerians had been murdered before those attacks started.
A Sick Nation And Her Sickening Secret Service By Erasmus Ikhide
How best do we describe a beastly secret service or its operatives whose beastiality threatens national cohesion, the nation's constitution and the judiciary, democracy and its majestic ethos?
The citizens' clarion call that the Department of State Services should be scrapped forthwith by the act of National Assembly and its operatives from top to bottom debriefed; re-educated, even rusticated or redistributed to other minimally functional paramilitary institutions like the Nigeria Police Force will no doubt heals the nation of the wounds from the vested madness and brutality the secret service has visited on the failed state called Nigeria.
How best do we describe a beastly secret service or its operatives whose beastiality threatens national cohesion, the nation's constitution and the judiciary, democracy and its majestic ethos? Who need an obsolete self-serving stone age anti-democratic security outfit, with scant methodology on intelligence gathering, lacking in cybernetics sophistry without a single idea on how to tame real and actual security threats to the nation?
The DSS needs internal purgation, and urgently too. Someone like Peter Afunanya, its spokesperson, should be thrown out of the window for further disgracing an ethically flawed institution which knew next to nothing about intelligence gathering, solely masquerading as an attack dog for the presidency.
The conundrum has been why furnish and burnish criminal government with false intelligence reports against the citizens when the real enemy of the state is the same vampire government? I have laboured in the past to educate the DSS and her collaborators that its protective alibi labelled "national security" is a mere subterfuge. The actual name is "regime security" coded as "national security" to defraud and cow uninformed citizens to submission. Citizens must not be given order by lawless secret service that can not differentiate between Boko Haram and social change agents and activists.
Tragically, Peter Afunanya is a poor image maker for the DSS with his amateurish defence and blatant falsehood he puts forward on the several viral videos that signposted the desecration of the hall of justice at the Federal High Court, Abuja, on Friday by the DSS.
Afunanya couldn't hide the fact that doing the bidding of a murderous tyrant is different from protective media anchorage. He could still not give valid reasons or answers as to why the DSS rearrested Omoyele Sowore after less than 24 hours after he was released on bail.
Like the ostrich that he is, Afunanya buried his head and that of the DSS in the sand without a word on the abduction of the journalist and human rights activist in a bizarre and gangly despotic manner. Afunanya spilled poor half-truth on the secret service disgraceful outing without mentioning the commando-like but shameful exhibition of empty power in the midst of defenceless citizens.
What's the usefulness of a discredited ethnically cultivated and motivated compromised secret service that could not decipher or detect activities of murderous militias like Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen long before they unleash terror on the nation? What's the DSS's day job when cultists kill themselves and cause mayhem on a daily basis across the country? What inform DSS open contempt for the judiciary and the law, if not misplaced intelligence computation, analysis and misplaced priority?
It's time the National Assembly revisits the law that established the DSS for taking sadistic pleasure in dehumanising Nigerians. The DSS needs complete restructuring or outright scrapping from its present banality and rescue it away from being an appendage of any president in power or unlisted powerful individuals at the corridors of power.
Without that, Nigerians would wake up one day and be told that the notorious scofflaw has created her own law courts where they (the DSS) can now do maximum violence to Nigerian citizens, democracy and civilisation.
Email: [email protected]
Follow me on Twitter @ikhide_erasmus1
Simi Vs Victor Uwaifo: The True Story Of 'Joromi'
Simi is being sued for N50 million damages for using the word 'Joromi' in her song and as the title of one of her tracks.
Joromi' was the same song title Uwaifo gave to his 1979 global hit.
In recent times, Nigerian singer Simi has had her name mentioned several times by Nigerian legendary guitarist, Sir Victor Uwaifo, over what he claimed to be a copyright infringement of his song, 'Joromi'.Simi is being sued for N50 million damages for using the word 'Joromi' in her song and as the title of one of her tracks.'Joromi' was the same song title Uwaifo gave to his 1979 global hit.The case between both artistes is generating debates on what constitutes copyright infringement.Amidst this, SaharaReporters visited the historical 'Revelation Tourist Palazzo' built and developed by Uwaifo where it was revealed that the name 'Joromi' was not just the title of a song but the name of a famous fighter from Benin.Giving a tour of the centre, the curator, Chris Eburu, said prior to the death of Joromi’s father, he warned Joromi not to climb the palm tree located at the backyard of the house.However, Joromi defied this order and met his death in the hands of a masquerade in hellfire.Eburu said: "Joromi was a famous wrestler in Benin. He dislodged everyone who dared him. He was the champion. When his father was about to die, the only thing he bequeathed to his son was a warning.“He warned him never to climb the palm tree at the backyard but when the father died, on one Sunday afternoon as Joromi was taking a stroll around his father’s backyard he spotted this particular palm tree and looked at it pensively and began to wonder why his father told him not to climb the palm tree.“The daring Joromi climbed on top of it while his sister turned into a fly and accompanied him. When they eventually got to the zenith of that tree, they grew out of the natural state and they landed in a place called 'hell' where Joromi noticed with dismay that the least person in hell had two heads but Joromi wanted to fight, the battle line was drawn."Continuing the myth, the curator said, “From one to the other, he conquered all of them from the one that had two heads then to the ones that had six heads he destroyed all of them plucking off their extra heads and telling them categorically that they were better off having one head."'Who asked you to have more than one (head)? On earth, we have one head. Who asked you to have more than one head?' Joromi queried but when the seven-headed spirit, Ugbogweli appeared - in fact, he was breathing and smoking fire all over him - that was when Joromi sister began to sing."Joromi once more turned deaf ears and for the first time as he ran down to the battle line, he witnessed a bitter piece of death for the very first time. Life was off him and the man called Joromi died."However, Eburu said, "Luckily for him, the sister spotted a leaf that had life in it. She plucked it, squeezed it and subsequently applied the juice on the five senses of the brother who now regained consciousness."This time when he stood up he was no longer ready to fight and he began to race back to earth but Ugbogweli would never let him go. When he got to the bridge between hellfire and earth and was about to cross to the latter, Ugbogweli stretched his hand to grab Joromi but luckily for Joromi Ugbogweli could run his fingers down the back of Joromi."The curator then made a curious statement: "Those of us in this part of the world hold the belief that the encounter that Joromi had with Ugbogweli is the cause of the spines humans have."
Sowore: Court Invasion, Manifestation Of Failed Democracy -ADC Chair
We have seen these signs creeping into the system for many years, not even a few months ago and it’s giving us serious concern. It has come out in full blast.
Omoyele Sowore
BBC
National Chairman of the African Democratic Congress, Ralph Nwosu, has condemned the rearrest of pro-democracy activist and journalist, Omoyele Sowore, describing it as a manifestation of failed democracy.
The Department of State Services rearrested Sowore in the courtroom of Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu last Friday at the Federal High Court in Abuja, barely 24 hours after he was released from detention.
The action has attracted criticisms from both local and international organisations but the Nigerian Government said it was not bothered.
In an interview with PUNCH, Nwosu said, “What happened in court was a clear manifestation of a completely failed democracy. It is also a clear case of fascism and it is even fascism of a questionable leadership.
“We have seen these signs creeping into the system for many years, not even a few months ago and it’s giving us serious concern. It has come out in full blast.
“When autocratic governments start, there will be different kinds of pretentiousness, but by the time they lay out their full fangs, there is trouble.
So, people must stand for the country, and we commend a major organisation like PUNCH for standing for the country.     “All of them should be sanctioned, so long as you are serving under this government because it is supposed to be a democracy.     “The moment it is no longer a democracy, it’s either you are part of the autocratic and disruptive element or you are not part of it. And if you are not part of it, you would have to quit.     “So, anybody who was in doubt before and continues to be part of the government after what happened in the court should be sanctioned.”     Sowore: DSS' Incompetence And The Docility Of The National Assembly By Martin White-Ufuah     We are presently under the attack of cyber espionages, but because the DSS do not have the structural competence to checkmate the economic security threat of foreign espionages in our country's internet space, they do not know the danger their activities portend for our country.     With DSS' bold outlaw, subnormal intelligence, defective disposition, and outright violation of different court orders, it has become indisputably clear that Nigeria's democracy has been militarised.     The 9th rubber-stamp National Assembly that is supposed to restrain the overreaching extents of the executive has openly obliged to doing the bidding of the executive.     Obviously, the legislative arm of government in Nigeria has transformed itself into a branch of the executive.     Today, the only distinguishing characteristic of our bogus democracy from the military dictatorship is that we waste tax payers’ money to service an institution (National Assembly) that is tractable to executive rascality.     Our democracy is a charade!     If it isn't, the illegal detention of Omoyele Sowore and other Nigerians by the DSS should have been a topical discourse in the National Assembly to check the excesses of the executive.     Nigeria is currently perplexed, bedevilled and overwhelmed by the lethality of human right abuses that ridicules and exposes our own brand of democracy as a fraud.     Instead of a vibrantly energetic and engaging legislature that imposes a legislative sanction on the DSS' boss and the country's attorney-general over the illegal detention of Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare, they are vigorously pursuing bills on hate speech and social media regulation.     The National Assembly is sleeping on duty!     The DSS should be publicly condemned for its chronic law-breaking antecedence.     By the unlawful gestapo arrest, clandestine and illegal detention and persecution of Omoyele Sowore, the Department of State Service, has shown that it is markedly subnormal in function, flawed in intelligence and rascal in behaviour.     The criminal-classed elements sponsored by state actors that took up arms against the Nigerian state during the Kogi and Bayelsa elections were never seen to have committed treasonable felony.     But Omoyele Sowore who only sued for peace by calling on Nigerians to pour out in their numbers to protest against misrule and corruption is being accused of plotting to unseat the government.     What a joke of a country!     Obviously, the DSS is merely a political stooge that react against voices of truth that attempt to call the government to order.     Instead of a vibrantly energetic and engaging domestic intelligence agency that functions as the source of reliable information for mitigating our various internal security challenges, our moribund DSS is all about the pettiness of political arrests and illegal detentions of honourable citizens.     The calculated use of violence against our country by Fulani herdsmen, Boko Haram members and other criminal groups with felonious intent have never for once been comprehended by the radar coverage of our so-called DSS domestic intelligence.     Isn't that a big shame?     The DSS has shown that it does not have the structural competence and expertise for espionages and information gathering. That is why the agency relies on online gossips and maliciously divulged information to clamp on citizens.     Domestic intelligence service is also supposed to be responsible for identifying foreign spies employed by foreign services against a country.     Every day we hear of other countries exposing and apprehending foreign spies and agents employed by foreign intelligence services against their government.     Please, how many has the DSS caught? None! Why? They think their job is to go after Omoyele Sowore.     If the DSS understand the danger foreign espionages poses to our country, they'd resign from their pettiness and become serious for once.     Some foreign espionages have access to our country's internet space without anyone knowing their identity.     They are sometimes the ones spreading propagandas and disinformation on our local internet space to cause dissension and unrest.     We are presently under the attack of cyber espionages, but because the DSS do not have the structural competence to checkmate the economic security threat of foreign espionages in our country's internet space, they do not know the danger their activities portend for our country.     I'm writing this to tell the DSS to release Omoyele Sowore right now with an apology to him because he is not a terrorist.     Martin White-Ufuah, a writer and columnist, writes from Abuja. He is the publisher, Ecumenical Review     Sowore: Government Has Ordered Investigation Into Invasion Of Court By DSS -Malami     Sowore was arrested in the court by the DSS less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after a third order by the court.     Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), has revealed that the Nigerian Government has ordered an investigation into the invasion of the Federal High Court, Abuja, by operatives of the Department of State Services to rearrest Omoyele Sowore.     Sowore was arrested in the court by the DSS less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after a third order by the court.     Malami was questioned by reporters when he was seen at the premises of the Federal High Court, Abuja.     When asked why he was in court, Malami said he did not come because of Sowore but to congratulate the judge on being confirmed as the substantive Chief Judge of the court.     He however, revealed that the government had instituted a panel to investigate the invasion of the court.     Asked if he was not appalled by the DSS’ conduct, Malami said, “Whatever affects the integrity of the court is a worrisome issue for us.     “I can never be preemptive of an incident over which I was not a live witness to.     “But one thing I am certain of is that the government has put in place mechanism for investigation of the reported incident.     “So, I would not like to be preemptive in terms of a conclusion, one way or the other, without allowing the consummation and conclusion of the investigation process.”     Sowore: Nigeria Has A Way Of Punishing The Innocent, Says Banky W     “Nigeria has a way of punishing the innocent and trampling on the rights, dreams and hopes of the regular citizens.
Nigerian musician, Bankole Wellington popularly known as Banky W, has reacted to the ruling of a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday ordering the Department of State Services to immediately release pro-democracy activist, Omoyele Sowore, on bail.
In a statement on Tuesday, Banky-W described Nigeria as a county that prides itself in punishing the innocent.
He said, “I'm so thankful that our justice system made the right call by granting the release of Omoyele Sowore.
“Nigeria has a way of punishing the innocent and trampling on the rights, dreams and hopes of the regular citizens.
“Every time our leaders do wrong and get away with it, we lose a little piece of our soul.
“We become numb, we lose hope, and we subconsciously accept that this is how things are and there's nothing we can say or do to change it.
“You didn't need to be a voter or volunteer for Mr Sowore to see that this was clearly an infringement on a basic human right and a grave injustice.
“Freedom of speech and the right to peacefully protest is the unassailable right of every Nigerian citizen.
“May God bless those in our justice system who stood on the right side of history by doing the right thing.
“May God strengthen, comfort and bless Sowore, his wife and family as they have endured the most difficult of times while only being guilty of attempting to speak up for a better Nigeria.”
Sowore Is Our Benefactor, Not A Criminal –Ondo Students
Irinyemi stated that the Sowore Scholarship Foundation, which had helped many parents in the state to send their children to school, has been stopped since he was arrested and detained by the DSS.
A group of students in Ondo State have taken to the streets to protest the continued detention of the pro-democracy activist and Publisher of SaharaReporters, Omoyele Sowore, by the Department of State Services.
The students, under the platform of the National Association of Kiribo Students, said that the continued detention of Sowore should be rejected by all lovers of Nigeria.
The protesters marched all the way to Idepe Town under Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state, chanting songs of solidarity and calling for the immediate release of Sowore, who had made scholarship offers available to them over the years.
According to the students, the recent declaration of Sowore and Olawale Bakare as "prisoners of conscience" by Amnesty International, has showed that the pro-democracy activist was being recognised globally as one of the few Africans that have demonstrated doggedness.
Spokesperson for the protesting students, Samuel Irinyemi, told SaharaReporters that many of them benefiting from Sowore's scholarship programme had continued to feel his continued detention.
He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to obey court orders by mandating the security agency to release Sowore to his family.
Irinyemi, “We are just a few of the many students benefiting directly from Omoyele Sowore's scholarship foundation in Ondo State.
We are sad that our brother and great benefactor was arrested and had since been detained by the DSS over frivolous charges. Sowore is not a criminal because we know his history very well.     “This is a man that placed many of us on scholarship with his personal money and made it possible for us to have education.     “I have been benefiting from his kind gesture for close to five years now.     So, we are not happy about his continued detention despite court orders granting his release.
We are pleading with President Buhari to release Sowore from the detention of the DSS.     “Sowore that we know is a freedom fighter and he means well for Nigeria as a country.”     Sowore was arrested in Lagos on August 3, 2019 for calling on Nigerians to take to the streets in peaceful demonstrations to demand a better country from the administration of President Buhari.     The government is accusing him of insulting Buhari and planning to topple his regime through the planned protests.     Despite two orders by the Federal High Court, Abuja, directing the DSS to release him on bail since that period, the activist has remained in government detention, attracting condemnation from around the world.     Sowore: Sultan Of Sokoto Tells Buhari To Obey Court Orders     Abubakar said nobody can decide to disregard the court at will, adding that it would be detrimental to national development.     The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has told President Muhammadu Buhari and all those in his regime to obey court orders because according to him failure to do so holds dire consequences.     The Sultan gave the warning while speaking at the 2019 fourth quarter meeting of the Nigeria Inter-religious Council in Abuja.     Abubakar said nobody can decide to disregard the court at will, adding that it would be detrimental to national development.     He said, “We must regularly obey and respect the laws of our land.     We should never disregard the laws to avoid the consequences.
If a court makes a judicial pronouncement on a particular matter, it should be obeyed to the letter.     “If you have any problem or disagree with the pronouncement, the next step is to appeal the pronouncement instead of disregarding or violating court judgments.     If you are served a court order and you deliberately refused to obey it because you are a governor, president or any influential person, then you are setting a dangerous precedent."
The Nigerian Government has failed to release Omoyele Sowore, disregarding two court orders by two different judges.
Sowore was rearrested at the Federal High Court in Abuja on Friday by operatives of the Department of State Services less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after 125 days in detention.
The invasion of the court and refusal to obey court orders has by President Buhari’s regime has been condemned from around the world.
The government is accusing him of insulting President Muhammadu Buhari and planning to bring down his regime.
Soyinka: 'Sowore, Welcome To The Club' As Nobel Laureate Slams Buhari Regime As Being Paranoid
The Buhari regime had on Friday filed seven counts of treasonable
felony and money laundering against Sowore.
Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, says the President MuhammaduBuhari regime has attained an “unprecedented level of paranoia”following the charges of treason filed against human rights activist,Omoyele Sowore.In a statement on Saturday, Soyinka said the nation had failed tolearn from past experiences.He said, “This is utterly depressing news. So, the Sowore affair hasmoved beyond harassment and taken on a sinister direction. Outside thecountry where I happened to be engaged at the moment, I can testifythat the immediate reaction around me was to dismiss this as yetanother grotesque product of fake news, of which Nigerians have becomethe greatest practitioners. I confess that I also joined in thisschool of thought – at the start.“Further checks have however confirmed that this government has indeedattained an unprecedented level of paranoia. I do not believe that thejustice department itself believes in these improbable charges, asformally publicized."So, once again, we inscribe in our annals another season oftreasonable felony. History still guards some lessons we have yet todigest, much less from which to learn. Welcome to the Club, Mr.Omoyele Sowore.”The Buhari regime had on Friday filed seven counts of treasonablefelony and money laundering against Sowore.The charges were filed a day before the expiration of the detentionorder of the Federal High Court in Abuja permitting the Department ofState Services to keep the activist for 45 days.
SPECIAL REPORT: Why Troops Are Losing Ground To ISWAP
Is the 2018 military strategy and campaign working? The facts based on the number of military formations successfully attacked and overran by ISWAP in 2018 in the areas of its dominance is 70 percent. What this translates into is that out of 20 military bases in these territories, ISWAP have either sacked by overrunning or forced the military to shut down a total of 14 bases in 2018 alone. The only time this ratio of attacks and takeovers came close to the 2018 numbers was in 2014. By the end of 2015 it was below 50% success ratio, which further dropped in 2016 and 2017, only to witness a sharp surge in 2018.
In the few days leading to the eclipse on 2018, reports from the warfront in North East Nigeria provoked huge concerns, fiercely stirring panic within communities in and around Maiduguri, Borno state. Governor Kashim Shettima, within this period, quickly called an emergency security meeting to receive briefs from different security commands in the state. At the Executive chambers of the Government House, Maiduguri, the seat of power in the state, the situation was grim and faces drawn.
In fact, the situation appeared so dire as Nigerian troops facing the onslaught of the combined affront of insurgency from terror groups, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) and Boko Haram forces, beat a steady retreat, incurring monumental losses of locational facilities. Within two weeks, the Nigerian troops had retreated tactically or been overrun in strategic military bases. Out of 20 military bases in northern and central Borno where Nigerian troops were in control, 14 had been overrun or altogether shut down.
Does the recent string of losses by the military represent a momentary setback likely to be overturned swiftly by the military or is the trend a fore-test of an uncertain future? All diplomatic and international military platforms knowledgeable about the escalating conflicts in the Lake Chad Basin affirm that at no time since the surge of violence in the region have the terrorists been in command of the level of weapons available to them today. Two developments explain this.
The terror groups, in recent times, have received a flush of funds from ransom paid to them allegedly by the government. Equally, there has been a steady access to unimaginable cache of military weaponry, including hardware and ammunition from bases overran by the insurgents, remarkably bolstering their war chest. For instance, the loss of the International Military Task Force Base, headquarters of the Multinational Joint Task Force, in Baga, headed by an Army General, is reported as monumental, not merely in the loss, of location but because of the massive military hardware and ammunition only comparable to what is available to the Military Division in Maiduguri, to ISWAP.
The insurgents are obviously riding the momentum and are motivated in manners that are completely alien to the military. According to a recent report by the AFP, in no year since the upsurge of conflicts in the North East have Nigerian troops been exposed to the level of casualties inflicted on them by the insurgents in 2018 alone. With an enlarged war chest, a strategic control of the economic mainstay of the Chad Basin cross cutting fishing, all season farming, water and control of cross border trade routes, the insurgents are looking formidable.
No wonder, they have recently scaled up recruitment of new fighters across both English and French speaking countries in the surrounding countries of Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Nigeria. Information gleaned from contacts within the fold of ISWAP paint an insight that seems to have challenged the position of politicians and the military in respect of holding territory. ISWAP always considered the territories of Northern and Central Borno their Caliphate territories. The presence of the Nigerian troops and particularly military bases were considered invasion by the military.
Bidding their time until they had adequate ammunition with additional army of motivated fighters to unleash new wave of violence the group was willing to stay under the radar for a few years before drawing the line on the sand. Their long wait paid off in 2018. They have been on the offensive all of 2018. The ISWAP’s strategy is to put everything available to ensure that military presence in those territories they consider part of their caliphate is made ever untenable. ISWAP considers all parts of north and central Borno as its caliphate and territory and therefore obligated by doctrines and commandment to repel every external aggression within the territory.
This is irrespective of whatever politicians and the military claim is the situation within those territories. In fact, Boko Haram / ISWAP policy with respect to physically holding territories changed after the steady losses they suffered in the run up to general elections in Nigeria in 2014. They do not want to physically hold unto territories anymore than they are determined to ensure that the military does not have any sustainable presence in the territories. Furthermore, ISWAP is paying more premium to wooing local communities to feel more secure with them than they could ever be with the military. That is their strategy.
They have secured the economic lines in the territories they control. The Lake Chad territories have become more fertile for famers and more viable for commercial fishing activities. They have largely crippled the fish and onions markets in Maiduguri. In its stead, they have opened secured trading locations in Kinchandi, in Niger Republic and another in Kusiri, in Cameroon. Nigerian traders rely on the market in Kusiri, Cameroon through Mubi, in Adamawa. The other in Kinchandi, in Niger Republic. The Nigerian market in Hadeja, Jigawa state depend heavily on the market in Niger Republic.
Nigerian troops apparently would rather confiscate a trader’s wares, forcibly take their livestock for their feeding than device any system of commercial comfort that would help them grow their business. It therefore seems not far-fetched that several local communities appear to cooperate better with ISWAP than with the Nigerian troops. ISWAP want to primarily make it unattractive and too expensive in terms of body count and loss of hardware for the military to maintain a base in any of these territories. They calculate that as long as they continually target and attack military formations, forcing them to beat a retreat so long would it be easier for local communities to accept that they are more secure in the territories under them than under the cover of Nigerian troops.
Moreover, they envisage that for as long as they sustain the push back against the military for so long will it be difficult for the demoralized troops to muster confidence to put them at tactical disadvantage anytime soon. Is the 2018 military strategy and campaign working? The facts based on the number of military formations successfully attacked and overran by ISWAP in 2018 in the areas of its dominance is 70 percent. What this translates into is that out of 20 military bases in these territories, ISWAP have either sacked by overrunning or forced the military to shut down a total of 14 bases in 2018 alone. The only time this ratio of attacks and takeovers came close to the 2018 numbers was in 2014. By the end of 2015 it was below 50% success ratio, which further dropped in 2016 and 2017, only to witness a sharp surge in 2018.
The outlook of the map in the battle theatres is grim. The territories that constitute Northern Borno are 10 Local Government Areas lying north of Maiduguri and bearing natural land borders with three countries namely Niger Republic, Chad and Cameroon. ISWAP have full sway in these territories currently. The territories that constitute Borno Central are made up of eight Local Government Areas, and both ISWAP and Boko Haram have significant footholds in these territories. Southern Borno, made up of nine Local Government Areas, is the least affected, with the exception of flashpoints such as Gwoza, Damboa and Chibok. With barely 45 days to presidential election in Nigeria there seems to be more energy at official quarters to cover up the tragic situation than acknowledging it.
The military have rightly stated that ISWAP may not be holding most of the territories where it overran its bases, especially the town of Baga. ISWAP, on its part, is also right when it says it has sacked soldiers from the areas it attacked, including Baga. Neither the military nor the insurgents have the manpower and capacity to hold and govern over these large expanse of land sustainably. But in desisting from building visible administrative and military structures in the areas of their primary interest ISWAP have evolved in a way that is difficult for Nigerian troops to track. On the other hand, by being fixated with claim of control of territories the military have only succeeded in making its troops sitting ducks and easy targets of the enemy.
More clearly, ISWAP is no longer showing interest in taking a formidable military base such as was in Baga and staying put there. It doesn’t apparently serve their tactical and strategic interest well. They are more interested in taking over military hardware and ammunition in those bases while instilling fear on the troops and making it extremely difficult for the military to have the comfort to plan and launch attacks. For instance, two days after overrunning the military base in Baga, the ISWAP moved out of location with military hardware and ammunition. According to knowledgeable sources, the objective is not to necessarily capture and hold new territories, what is far more strategic to ISWAP is to continually “unsettle the military in their bases across the Lake Chad region.”
There is no better indication to the effectiveness of the tactical approach of ISWAP against the military than seeing that Nigerian troops in the troubled locations are unable to undertake patrol duties. Rather, they are mostly in the trenches practically waiting for the next attack. One troubling outcome of this is the escalating number of troops on desertion charge. For instance, in just one detention centre in Jos, Plateau state, there are over 20 military deserters rounded up and detained. Similarly, a growing army of deserters are being held across major military detention facilities in the country. Obviously embarrassed at this turn of events, the military authorities are zealously covering up on these.
An Army officer currently hospitalized lamented that “soldiers have become cannon fodders,” revealing:"There are more soldiers deserting their commission over Boko Haram war. I can count dozens in my unit alone that escaped after they survived an attack.” The Nigerian Police Force are embroiled in similar matter with 121 officers of the rank-and-file who reportedly deserted in protest against planned deployment to the warfront dismissed with immediate effect.
The Inspector-General Ibrahim Idris, according to a report in Premium Times (December 28, 2018), ordered their dismissal. “The Police are very kind to their officers for dismissing them, we are not that lucky because after we attempted to escape, we were arrested and detained without trial for several months,” said a soldier detained in one of Special Task Force (STF) detention centers in Jos. He was arrested after he absconded along with scores of his colleagues from the warfront.
A confident Army Captain in the frontlines who spoke with our reporter on condition of anonymity extolled the troops for their gallantry on several occasions. He said that unlike the terrorists, the military do not carry cameras into the battlefront to record gun exchanges. According to him there are far more attacks on military bases and units by the terrorists that were repelled than the ones in which the locations were overrun. “The terrorists go to battles with cameras, while we, as a matter of policy don’t.” Nevertheless, he contends that Nigerians do not care about the number of insurgents that we have killed, “the killing of soldiers that protect the country’s sovereignty constitute a source of concern, what this means is, if soldiers continue to die, Nigeria itself may fail to exist,” he concludes.
Some of these attacks were so overwhelming that the bases were overrun with hundreds of casualties. According to multiple media reports, not less than 1,000 soldiers were killed in 2018. These casualty figures do not include soldiers killed in Niger Republic, Yobe, Adamawa and in Southern Borno. “In fact, there has never been a year soldiers were killed more than in 2018; not even 2013 and 2014 did we see the kind of casualties we experienced today,” said another soldier who doubles as a medical doctor in Maiduguri. More traumatizing for soldiers, according to ISWAP sources, are the humiliating experience of scores of abducted soldiers compelled to tutor the insurgents on new weapons handling before they are enslaved or executed.
Informed sources state that the military facility in Monguno is probably the only larest operational base outside of Maiduguri presently that is unaffected. Four or five are in Gajiram, Gajiganna, Gubio, Kareto, while Damasak is manned by the Multi-National Joint Task Force at the border with Niger republic. According to a serving military officer currently hospitalized, “the soldiers in most of these bases have all taken up defensive positions to protect their turfs and can hardly venture outside to patrol or engage in any offensive attack”.
Just like the officers deserting, the Military itself has long abandoned any mentality of “no retreat, no surrender,’ having steadily been on the retreat from several military bases. Weeks ago, they shut down two bases in Gudumbali and Kukawa. “We retreated to Monguno before Baga was attacked. Now, some soldiers and residents are running away from Monguno to Maiduguri,” reported a soldier in Shagari Low Cost Housing Estate in Maiduguri. He highlights the utter helplessness of the soldiers: what is disturbing is the effrontery of “ISWAP in making sure that we are fully made aware of their plans ahead of any attack. There was never an attack that we don’t see in advance, yet we are helpless,” he lamented.
In the midst of these setbacks, military fat cats are feeding exceedingly well on account of the war. On 28, December, 2018 the Defence and Foreign Affairs of the International Strategic Studies Association (ISSA) based in the United States stated that “the conduct of the war in the North (East of Nigeria) is tied to the corruption in the military, and (President) Buhari - ring-fenced by his own team - is unable to tackle the issue". ISSA, the Washington-based non-governmental organization with a worldwide membership of professionals involved in national and international security and strategy, stated that massive corruption among top military chiefs appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari is the reason Nigeria is losing the war against Boko Haram.
According to the report, the only significant engagement which the Nigerian military leadership seems determined to fight “is to stop the leakage of information about massive corruption, running into the equivalent of several billions of dollars, in the purchase by senior military officers of major military capital goods and military consumables, including the troops’ own food.” More than anything, it is the noticeable resurgence of the Lake Chad and the commercial viability of the territories under ISWAP that present the greatest pull on individuals in the Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camps to return to their villages. But for others, it is their ability to put out a good fight and sometimes win with an Army that enjoys global support, that is the biggest inspiration that makes many want to join. A recent recruit and a Francophone citizen said, “ISWAP's fortunes only means one thing, Allah with us.” Another who abandoned his rich family business in Kano to become a fighter said, “I have no doubt Angels are fighting with us, otherwise there is nothing that explains our victories.”
In the light of these realities, should the Nigerian Military continue with the tactical mentality that is leading them into embarrassing losses? For a government that has made so much premium of a claim on its control of territory from the insurgents, what these developments point to is probably worse than a setback. Efforts by independent observers to point out the evidently skewed tactical mentality have been visited with official hostility. Local and international Civil Society Organizations and the media have, for these reasons, come under attack by the military. For calling the Military out on its ignoble human rights abuses, including rape and extra judicial executions, Amnesty International and other Human Rights organizations have been targeted for official harassment.
Despite a consistent stream of global ratings and reports about Nigeria’s crisis, notable among them being the 2018 Global Terrorism Index in which Nigeria emerged the third most terrorized nation globally, both the Military and politicians in government have carried on as if this was of no consequence. The index placed Nigeria behind war-torn countries such as Iraq, Afghanistan and ahead of Syria and Pakistan. However, the report also showed a 16% drop in the number of deaths linked to terrorism in 2017 from previous year.
Also, the World Economic Forum, in its biennial tourism report with the specific section focusing on safety and security, recently ranked Nigeria as one of the most dangerous countries in the world. Amid all these disturbing realities the local media generally have caved in to a new sense of self censorship promoted by the Nigerian military, which is, “stop reporting the killings to dissuade Boko Haram from further killings” instead of, prevent the insurgents from killings in the first place, so that, there wouldn’t be any death to report.
Speeding Driver Kills Pupils In Ekiti
The bus driver ran into the pupils, who were trying to cross the road, killing three of them and leaving others injured on the spot.
A speeding commercial bus driver has killed three pupils at the abattoir end of Iworoko-Ekiti, Ekiti State.
The bus driver ran into the pupils, who were trying to cross the road, killing three of them and leaving others injured on the spot.
Those injured were taken to the hospital.
It was gathered that the driver of the bus lost control of the vehicle before ramming into the children.
At the time of filing this report, the spokesperson for the Ekiti State Police Command was unreachable.
SSS Is Indeed A Lying Machine By Stanley Imhanruor
Since the barbaric and misguided act by the SSS was well captured on tape, it is pertinent to reference some of the pictures and videos circulating in the media space.
I have read with amusement, the press release by the SSS wherein the service unashamedly denied any attempt to rearrest Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare in the well of the court.
Since the barbaric and misguided act by the SSS was well captured on tape, it is pertinent to reference some of the pictures and videos circulating in the media space.
In the viral video, the person holding Sowore down (the man that eventually emerged beneath Sowore, wearing white shirt and a black jacket is an officer of the SSS.
Everyone could see from the viral video that when the arresting officer got up people where asking him: who are you? Who are you? But the officer refused to respond to the posers.
The officer is also arrowed in some of the viral pictures circulating on social media platforms.
The said officer is constantly around Sowore in the courtroom and he is the officer obviously detailed by the SSS to always be with Sowore in the courtroom to monitor his movement and conduct whenever the matter comes up in court whilst other officers stay some metres away watching.
For clarity, the officer's name in question is Dekko Nelly (Marshal).
Please do not be deceived by the press release by the SSS as same is merely a smokescreen designed to save its already badly battered image locally and internationally in the circumstance.
No matter how far and fast a lie travels, truth which is eternal and immutable will always overtake it in the long run.
Stop Attacking Shoprite In Nigeria, They're Owned By Nigerians -Expert Warns
He added that MTN is a publicly-listed company, hence, Nigerians are part of the shareholders and will bear part of the loss of vandalizing the firm's properties.
Rotimi Sankore, a veteran journalist, policy and development expert, has cautioned against the looting of Shoprite, a departmental store, that has been subjected to reprisal attacks following the recent Xenophobic attack in South Africa.
Sankore, who spoke during a journalism MasterClass held by the Civic Media Lab, said the stores being looted are mostly franchises owned by Nigerians.
Shoprite and Spar are mostly franchises. Most of the goods on the shelves are owned by Nigerians. The staff are Nigerians, he said.
He stated MTN, that has also become the target for the reprisal attacks, is a public listed company hence, Nigerians are part of the shareholders and who bear the part of the loss of vandalising its properties.
He said the Xenophobic attacks are triggered by high unemployment and high crime rates, and not because all South African hated Nigerians.
The veteran journalist also stated how the Nigerian Government could have better handled the Xenophobic attacks against its citizens.
In incidents like this when Nigerians are attacked, what you do is to summon their ambassador and demand that the perpetrators be brought to justice and that the victims be compensated. Also demand than police be deployed to protect Nigerians’ shops and businesses from further attacks. This would demonstrate to the looters that their actions are not acceptable.     If they then fail to act, you send the ambassador home and if the attacks continue, you can then take further measures like, seizing assets of the offending countries to compensate victims.”
Sankore said it was the failure of the Nigerian Government to take strategic steps to protect Nigerians that have led to Nigerian citizens resulting to self help and some people taking advantage of the protest to loot shops.
Sudan's Ex-President, Al-Bashir, Sentenced To Two Years For Corruption
The judge handling the case told the court that under Sudanese law, people over the age of 70 cannot serve jail terms, the BBC reports.
Omar al-Bashir, Sudan's ex-President, has been sentenced to two years in a social reform facility for corruption.
The judge handling the case told the court that under Sudanese law, people over the age of 70 cannot serve jail terms, the BBC reports.
Bashir also faces charges related to the 1989 coup that brought him to power, genocide, and the killing of protesters before his ousting in April.
During the sentencing, his supporters started chanting that the trial was "political" and were ordered to leave.
They continued their protest outside the court, chanting, "There is no god but God."
It is unclear whether Bashir will be tried over widespread human rights abuses during his time in power, including allegations of war crimes in Darfur.
Super Eagles Gains Four Spots In FIFA Ranking
In the ranking table on the website of the world football governing body, Nigeria garnered 1493 points as against 1481 points gotten in October.
Nigeria’s Super Eagles has moved four spots in the November ranking to place 31 on the FIFA ranking table.In the ranking table on the website of the world football governing body, Nigeria garnered 1493 points as against 1481 points gotten in October.The movement still helped the Eagles retain the third position on the continent behind Senegal and Tunisia, who are placed 20th and 27th with 1555 and 1506 points respectively.The upward movement was as a result of their 2-1 win over the Benin Republic and 4-2 win over Lesotho in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifying matches.
Talent Vs Hard Work — Lessons From Olamilekan, The 11-Year-Old Who is Macron’s Newfound Friend By Mide Ayeni
You see, Olamilekan has a mother who is futuristic. She understands the dynamics of success. Although poor, she is not blind. Olamilekan said: “When I was six, I started drawing. My mother noticed it and took me to an artist to learn under him.” First, she understands the place of talent, nurturing, mentoring and hard work. She saw a son who loved to draw decided to NURTURE the TALENT by enrolling him with an artist, who will MENTOR and TRAIN him so that his TALENT can boom.
I will tell you a story about talent and hard work. Which should come first?
It's going to be a long read.
First thing, I will also like to re-echo my constant words that “in 20 years’ time, ‘rock bottom’ will produce famous people more than ‘privilege.’”
This afternoon, I had a chat with hubby about Olamilekan, that is the young 11-year-old who met with the President of France and drew his portrait in less than two hours.
Well, let me explain. At the Afrika Shrine, where the French President went yesterday, the boy went to work and came out with a perfect portrait of Macron. The President was so thrilled that he said “This is exceptional”.
Let's talk about Olamilekan.
He's from a poor background. Rock bottom background! To most of us who see ourselves as average, Olamilekan sees us as privileged. He's so poor that he said: “In his family, they have to toil and sweat before they can put food on the table.” So he made a portrait showing a young boy with sweat all over him putting food on his table.
Olamilekan was so emotional when he was speaking to BBC about that art work that I could sense the tears in his words. He called it his favourite.
He is barely 11 years and he understands poverty and struggle so much that he could make a picture of it. Then you need to understand where he's coming from.
Secondly, if you saw the house where Olamilekan was interviewed, you will understand his roots — his life and his story.
I was drawn to him when I first saw the interview and downloaded the video to share with my son. You will also agree that I have posted his videos here more than twice. I was touched.
Let me tell you a secret that many people don't know.
You see, Olamilekan has a mother who is futuristic. She understands the dynamics of success. Although poor, she is not blind. Olamilekan said: “When I was six, I started drawing. My mother noticed it and took me to an artist to learn under him.”
First, she understands the place of talent, nurturing, mentoring and hard work. She saw a son who loved to draw decided to NURTURE the TALENT by enrolling him with an artist, who will MENTOR and TRAIN him so that his TALENT can boom.
This attribute that his mother showed is not learnt at Harvard. As a matter of truth, the most sophisticated and learned mothers/fathers don’t have it; they are shallow. They only understand the place of academics so they put their kids in an expensive school and pay for them to do another LESSON during breaks, especially the end-of-session break that is fast approaching and bug their heads with books without any opportunity to nurture the creative in them. Every single soul on earth has a TALENT and for most of them, without proper mentoring, they will miss it.
Another thing is, she understands the role of TALENT before HARD WORK. Let me tell you another story. You remember Olajumoke and ‘Taju goes to School’, right? Well, Olajumoke became famous for photo-bombing a prominent British model’s photo-shoot and fame smiled on her. However, Olajumoke, though hardworking, has a no visible talent that we can pin her to. She is amazing and hardworking but what is her TALENT? What does she have to give to SUSTAIN the FAME?
And you will notice that where Olamilekan was recognized, Olajumoke wasn’t. Olajumoke was popular on Nigerian social media and media stations but Olamilekan got a global recognition with top media stations. One of his videos has over 4.5 million views. I was elated. I was screaming and showing hubby the statistic.
After the BBC Africa interview, BBC International showed him and Aljazeera, not wanting to duplicate BBC’s video, came to interview him too. You can imagine the role of talent. It’s like saying Olajumoke should come back and photo-bomb. It’s simply not achievable. But with talent, you can have a ‘come-back-to’ factor every time.
The Bible says “a man’s gift makes way for him and makes him stand before Kings and not mere men”. And I always tell hubby that TALENT before HARD WORK. It’s when you understand the TALENT you have that you can now put in HARD WORK.
Hard work has it reward and it sometimes comes late but TALENT is a show-stopper. TALENT catapults you into greatness. Talk about Ronaldo or Serana Williams and the many talents around us.
I keep screaming it, parents need to do more. Olamilekan may not be the most brilliant boy in his class. He may not even be going to a private school for all you know, but he has a mother who knows what greatness smells like and I tell you, greatness is not in wealth or in books but in the mental growth of everyone. The day we all realize that we need to first know the talent that God has given us and how to nurture it, that is the day we have stopped EXISTING and have started LIVING.
Olamilekan’s story can never remain the same again. He said: “I want to be like Michelangelo. and I was like ‘Tosin, how did he know this guy?’ Looking at his background, who told him the story of the great artist?
Who are the ones your kids want to be like? Who are the people your kids live up to? Who are they? What story are you relating to them? You think if his mother was telling him about Slay Queen, he will know Michelangelo? What are you saying around your kids?
And summer break is coming, some people are thinking of enrolling their kids in school again. Some are thinking otherwise.
What are you thinking? What on earth are you thinking?
I have said it million times, in 20 years, we are going to see the reward of our investments.
Mide Ayeni is the Founder of Pearl Recycling, a sustainable eco-furniture company in Nigeria. She is a US Department of States Techwomen Fellow.
The Teflon President With Nine Lives Is On His Way Out By Dr. Wumi Akintide
The Teflon outlaw with 9 lives came to town promising to undo everything Obama has done while promising to “make America great again,” as if America has ever at any time lost her greatness following the end of the Second World War.
You probably know who I am talking about. The Teflon President with nine lives I have in mind is nobody else but Donald J. Trump. Can any of you reading this write-up imagine Barack Obama, who twice won the popular vote and the Electoral College tallies and who spent 8 good years in the White House without a single scandal, being described as a cat with 9 lives?
Not by a long shot. The answer to the rhetorical question has to be a resounding no. Poor Obama as President of the United States would long have been skinned alive and sacrificed to the gods by the Republicans who obstructed him every step of the way during all of his 8 years in the White House all in the name of partisan politics.
You would have thought they would have left him off the hook the moment he left office, but Republicans and their Narcissist-in-Chief in the White House have not left Obama alone for one brief moment. In fact, the grossly ignorant and incompetent lunatic in the White House still finds some ways to blame Obama or Hillary even for some of his own insanity or foolishness while fraudulently claiming to be the smartest President America has ever put in office.
Evidently, Mr Bichi’s DSS has become a major threat to the norms and values of a democratic system. The time has come for Mr Yusuf Bichi to step down as the head of the organisation.     We hereby demand that he should immediately step down as boss of the DSS. We also demand that the DSS tenders a public apology to the judiciary for its unwarranted assault on the sacred institution."
Sade Adu’s Child Completes Transition From Female To Male
Thank you for staying by my side these past six months Mumma. Thank you for fighting with me to complete the man I am.
Child of British-Nigerian singer, Sade Adu, Izaak, has completed the transition from female to male following the success of a phalloplasty (a plastic surgery to construct a penis).
In an emotional message on his Instagram handle on Thursday, Izaak, who is the only child of the soulful singer from her former relationship with reggae music producer, Bob Morgan, expressed gratitude to Adu for sticking by him throughout the process.
He shared a picture of himself hugging his mom upon his return home after the successful surgery.
Alongside the picture, he wrote. “It’s been a long, hard road but we did it. We are coming home.
“Thank you for staying by my side these past six months Mumma. Thank you for fighting with me to complete the man I am.
“Thank you for your encouragement when things are hard, for the love you give me. The purest heart. I love you so much.”
In 2016, Izaak came out as transgender to coincide with National Coming Out Day.
Set Your Ovaries Free', President Tells Women
He said a higher birth rate would achieve faster progress.
John Magufuli, Tanzania's President has called on women to "set your ovaries free" and bear more children so that the country can enjoy demographic dividends.
Magufuli, who cited Nigeria and China as examples, said, "When you have a big population you build the economy. That's why China's economy is so huge.
I know that those who like to block ovaries will complain about my remarks. Set your ovaries free, let them block theirs.
Aljazeera reports that since taking office in 2015, Magufuli has launched an industrialization campaign that has helped buoy economic growth, which has averaged six to seven percent annually in recent years.
He said a higher birth rate would achieve faster progress.
Shoprite Will Suffer From Xenophobic Attacks, Says Analyst
The multinational has seen its shops attacked in Nigeria and also fell on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, along with telecoms firm, MTN.
An analyst at Mergence Investment Managers in Cape Town, South Africa, Nolwandle Mthombeni, has said that consumer retail chain, Shoprite, will be hard hit by recent reprisal attacks on South African businesses across several countries on the continent.
The multinational has seen its shops attacked in Nigeria and also fell on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, along with telecoms firm, MTN.
He told Bloomberg South Africa that, “From footage I’ve seen, it most definitely will hit Shoprite hard because it goes beyond lost sales, but also cost of repairs and restoring the damage.”
Leaders of Congo DR, Rwanda, Zambia, Nigeria and a few others boycotted the World Economic Forum summit holding in South Africa.
The Nigerian Government has also asked the South African Government to pay compensation for damages done to Nigerian businesses in the country.
Over 50 shops owned by nationals of other African countries including Nigerians were broken into and looted by South Africans in a spate of attacks that started on Sunday.
Several Nigerians had been murdered before those attacks started.
A Sick Nation And Her Sickening Secret Service By Erasmus Ikhide
How best do we describe a beastly secret service or its operatives whose beastiality threatens national cohesion, the nation's constitution and the judiciary, democracy and its majestic ethos?
The citizens' clarion call that the Department of State Services should be scrapped forthwith by the act of National Assembly and its operatives from top to bottom debriefed; re-educated, even rusticated or redistributed to other minimally functional paramilitary institutions like the Nigeria Police Force will no doubt heals the nation of the wounds from the vested madness and brutality the secret service has visited on the failed state called Nigeria.
How best do we describe a beastly secret service or its operatives whose beastiality threatens national cohesion, the nation's constitution and the judiciary, democracy and its majestic ethos? Who need an obsolete self-serving stone age anti-democratic security outfit, with scant methodology on intelligence gathering, lacking in cybernetics sophistry without a single idea on how to tame real and actual security threats to the nation?
The DSS needs internal purgation, and urgently too. Someone like Peter Afunanya, its spokesperson, should be thrown out of the window for further disgracing an ethically flawed institution which knew next to nothing about intelligence gathering, solely masquerading as an attack dog for the presidency.
The conundrum has been why furnish and burnish criminal government with false intelligence reports against the citizens when the real enemy of the state is the same vampire government? I have laboured in the past to educate the DSS and her collaborators that its protective alibi labelled "national security" is a mere subterfuge. The actual name is "regime security" coded as "national security" to defraud and cow uninformed citizens to submission. Citizens must not be given order by lawless secret service that can not differentiate between Boko Haram and social change agents and activists.
Tragically, Peter Afunanya is a poor image maker for the DSS with his amateurish defence and blatant falsehood he puts forward on the several viral videos that signposted the desecration of the hall of justice at the Federal High Court, Abuja, on Friday by the DSS.
Afunanya couldn't hide the fact that doing the bidding of a murderous tyrant is different from protective media anchorage. He could still not give valid reasons or answers as to why the DSS rearrested Omoyele Sowore after less than 24 hours after he was released on bail.
Like the ostrich that he is, Afunanya buried his head and that of the DSS in the sand without a word on the abduction of the journalist and human rights activist in a bizarre and gangly despotic manner. Afunanya spilled poor half-truth on the secret service disgraceful outing without mentioning the commando-like but shameful exhibition of empty power in the midst of defenceless citizens.
What's the usefulness of a discredited ethnically cultivated and motivated compromised secret service that could not decipher or detect activities of murderous militias like Boko Haram and Fulani herdsmen long before they unleash terror on the nation? What's the DSS's day job when cultists kill themselves and cause mayhem on a daily basis across the country? What inform DSS open contempt for the judiciary and the law, if not misplaced intelligence computation, analysis and misplaced priority?
It's time the National Assembly revisits the law that established the DSS for taking sadistic pleasure in dehumanising Nigerians. The DSS needs complete restructuring or outright scrapping from its present banality and rescue it away from being an appendage of any president in power or unlisted powerful individuals at the corridors of power.
Without that, Nigerians would wake up one day and be told that the notorious scofflaw has created her own law courts where they (the DSS) can now do maximum violence to Nigerian citizens, democracy and civilisation.
Email: [email protected]
Follow me on Twitter @ikhide_erasmus1
Simi Vs Victor Uwaifo: The True Story Of 'Joromi'
Simi is being sued for N50 million damages for using the word 'Joromi' in her song and as the title of one of her tracks.
Joromi' was the same song title Uwaifo gave to his 1979 global hit.
In recent times, Nigerian singer Simi has had her name mentioned several times by Nigerian legendary guitarist, Sir Victor Uwaifo, over what he claimed to be a copyright infringement of his song, 'Joromi'.Simi is being sued for N50 million damages for using the word 'Joromi' in her song and as the title of one of her tracks.'Joromi' was the same song title Uwaifo gave to his 1979 global hit.The case between both artistes is generating debates on what constitutes copyright infringement.Amidst this, SaharaReporters visited the historical 'Revelation Tourist Palazzo' built and developed by Uwaifo where it was revealed that the name 'Joromi' was not just the title of a song but the name of a famous fighter from Benin.Giving a tour of the centre, the curator, Chris Eburu, said prior to the death of Joromi’s father, he warned Joromi not to climb the palm tree located at the backyard of the house.However, Joromi defied this order and met his death in the hands of a masquerade in hellfire.Eburu said: "Joromi was a famous wrestler in Benin. He dislodged everyone who dared him. He was the champion. When his father was about to die, the only thing he bequeathed to his son was a warning.“He warned him never to climb the palm tree at the backyard but when the father died, on one Sunday afternoon as Joromi was taking a stroll around his father’s backyard he spotted this particular palm tree and looked at it pensively and began to wonder why his father told him not to climb the palm tree.“The daring Joromi climbed on top of it while his sister turned into a fly and accompanied him. When they eventually got to the zenith of that tree, they grew out of the natural state and they landed in a place called 'hell' where Joromi noticed with dismay that the least person in hell had two heads but Joromi wanted to fight, the battle line was drawn."Continuing the myth, the curator said, “From one to the other, he conquered all of them from the one that had two heads then to the ones that had six heads he destroyed all of them plucking off their extra heads and telling them categorically that they were better off having one head."'Who asked you to have more than one (head)? On earth, we have one head. Who asked you to have more than one head?' Joromi queried but when the seven-headed spirit, Ugbogweli appeared - in fact, he was breathing and smoking fire all over him - that was when Joromi sister began to sing."Joromi once more turned deaf ears and for the first time as he ran down to the battle line, he witnessed a bitter piece of death for the very first time. Life was off him and the man called Joromi died."However, Eburu said, "Luckily for him, the sister spotted a leaf that had life in it. She plucked it, squeezed it and subsequently applied the juice on the five senses of the brother who now regained consciousness."This time when he stood up he was no longer ready to fight and he began to race back to earth but Ugbogweli would never let him go. When he got to the bridge between hellfire and earth and was about to cross to the latter, Ugbogweli stretched his hand to grab Joromi but luckily for Joromi Ugbogweli could run his fingers down the back of Joromi."The curator then made a curious statement: "Those of us in this part of the world hold the belief that the encounter that Joromi had with Ugbogweli is the cause of the spines humans have."
Sowore: Court Invasion, Manifestation Of Failed Democracy -ADC Chair
We have seen these signs creeping into the system for many years, not even a few months ago and it’s giving us serious concern. It has come out in full blast.
Omoyele Sowore
BBC
National Chairman of the African Democratic Congress, Ralph Nwosu, has condemned the rearrest of pro-democracy activist and journalist, Omoyele Sowore, describing it as a manifestation of failed democracy.
The Department of State Services rearrested Sowore in the courtroom of Justice Ijeoma Ojukwu last Friday at the Federal High Court in Abuja, barely 24 hours after he was released from detention.
The action has attracted criticisms from both local and international organisations but the Nigerian Government said it was not bothered.
In an interview with PUNCH, Nwosu said, “What happened in court was a clear manifestation of a completely failed democracy. It is also a clear case of fascism and it is even fascism of a questionable leadership.
“We have seen these signs creeping into the system for many years, not even a few months ago and it’s giving us serious concern. It has come out in full blast.
“When autocratic governments start, there will be different kinds of pretentiousness, but by the time they lay out their full fangs, there is trouble.
So, people must stand for the country, and we commend a major organisation like PUNCH for standing for the country.     “All of them should be sanctioned, so long as you are serving under this government because it is supposed to be a democracy.     “The moment it is no longer a democracy, it’s either you are part of the autocratic and disruptive element or you are not part of it. And if you are not part of it, you would have to quit.     “So, anybody who was in doubt before and continues to be part of the government after what happened in the court should be sanctioned.”     Sowore: DSS' Incompetence And The Docility Of The National Assembly By Martin White-Ufuah     We are presently under the attack of cyber espionages, but because the DSS do not have the structural competence to checkmate the economic security threat of foreign espionages in our country's internet space, they do not know the danger their activities portend for our country.     With DSS' bold outlaw, subnormal intelligence, defective disposition, and outright violation of different court orders, it has become indisputably clear that Nigeria's democracy has been militarised.     The 9th rubber-stamp National Assembly that is supposed to restrain the overreaching extents of the executive has openly obliged to doing the bidding of the executive.     Obviously, the legislative arm of government in Nigeria has transformed itself into a branch of the executive.     Today, the only distinguishing characteristic of our bogus democracy from the military dictatorship is that we waste tax payers’ money to service an institution (National Assembly) that is tractable to executive rascality.     Our democracy is a charade!     If it isn't, the illegal detention of Omoyele Sowore and other Nigerians by the DSS should have been a topical discourse in the National Assembly to check the excesses of the executive.     Nigeria is currently perplexed, bedevilled and overwhelmed by the lethality of human right abuses that ridicules and exposes our own brand of democracy as a fraud.     Instead of a vibrantly energetic and engaging legislature that imposes a legislative sanction on the DSS' boss and the country's attorney-general over the illegal detention of Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare, they are vigorously pursuing bills on hate speech and social media regulation.     The National Assembly is sleeping on duty!     The DSS should be publicly condemned for its chronic law-breaking antecedence.     By the unlawful gestapo arrest, clandestine and illegal detention and persecution of Omoyele Sowore, the Department of State Service, has shown that it is markedly subnormal in function, flawed in intelligence and rascal in behaviour.     The criminal-classed elements sponsored by state actors that took up arms against the Nigerian state during the Kogi and Bayelsa elections were never seen to have committed treasonable felony.     But Omoyele Sowore who only sued for peace by calling on Nigerians to pour out in their numbers to protest against misrule and corruption is being accused of plotting to unseat the government.     What a joke of a country!     Obviously, the DSS is merely a political stooge that react against voices of truth that attempt to call the government to order.     Instead of a vibrantly energetic and engaging domestic intelligence agency that functions as the source of reliable information for mitigating our various internal security challenges, our moribund DSS is all about the pettiness of political arrests and illegal detentions of honourable citizens.     The calculated use of violence against our country by Fulani herdsmen, Boko Haram members and other criminal groups with felonious intent have never for once been comprehended by the radar coverage of our so-called DSS domestic intelligence.     Isn't that a big shame?     The DSS has shown that it does not have the structural competence and expertise for espionages and information gathering. That is why the agency relies on online gossips and maliciously divulged information to clamp on citizens.     Domestic intelligence service is also supposed to be responsible for identifying foreign spies employed by foreign services against a country.     Every day we hear of other countries exposing and apprehending foreign spies and agents employed by foreign intelligence services against their government.     Please, how many has the DSS caught? None! Why? They think their job is to go after Omoyele Sowore.     If the DSS understand the danger foreign espionages poses to our country, they'd resign from their pettiness and become serious for once.     Some foreign espionages have access to our country's internet space without anyone knowing their identity.     They are sometimes the ones spreading propagandas and disinformation on our local internet space to cause dissension and unrest.     We are presently under the attack of cyber espionages, but because the DSS do not have the structural competence to checkmate the economic security threat of foreign espionages in our country's internet space, they do not know the danger their activities portend for our country.     I'm writing this to tell the DSS to release Omoyele Sowore right now with an apology to him because he is not a terrorist.     Martin White-Ufuah, a writer and columnist, writes from Abuja. He is the publisher, Ecumenical Review     Sowore: Government Has Ordered Investigation Into Invasion Of Court By DSS -Malami     Sowore was arrested in the court by the DSS less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after a third order by the court.     Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami (SAN), has revealed that the Nigerian Government has ordered an investigation into the invasion of the Federal High Court, Abuja, by operatives of the Department of State Services to rearrest Omoyele Sowore.     Sowore was arrested in the court by the DSS less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after a third order by the court.     Malami was questioned by reporters when he was seen at the premises of the Federal High Court, Abuja.     When asked why he was in court, Malami said he did not come because of Sowore but to congratulate the judge on being confirmed as the substantive Chief Judge of the court.     He however, revealed that the government had instituted a panel to investigate the invasion of the court.     Asked if he was not appalled by the DSS’ conduct, Malami said, “Whatever affects the integrity of the court is a worrisome issue for us.     “I can never be preemptive of an incident over which I was not a live witness to.     “But one thing I am certain of is that the government has put in place mechanism for investigation of the reported incident.     “So, I would not like to be preemptive in terms of a conclusion, one way or the other, without allowing the consummation and conclusion of the investigation process.”     Sowore: Nigeria Has A Way Of Punishing The Innocent, Says Banky W     “Nigeria has a way of punishing the innocent and trampling on the rights, dreams and hopes of the regular citizens.
Nigerian musician, Bankole Wellington popularly known as Banky W, has reacted to the ruling of a Federal High Court in Abuja on Tuesday ordering the Department of State Services to immediately release pro-democracy activist, Omoyele Sowore, on bail.
In a statement on Tuesday, Banky-W described Nigeria as a county that prides itself in punishing the innocent.
He said, “I'm so thankful that our justice system made the right call by granting the release of Omoyele Sowore.
“Nigeria has a way of punishing the innocent and trampling on the rights, dreams and hopes of the regular citizens.
“Every time our leaders do wrong and get away with it, we lose a little piece of our soul.
“We become numb, we lose hope, and we subconsciously accept that this is how things are and there's nothing we can say or do to change it.
“You didn't need to be a voter or volunteer for Mr Sowore to see that this was clearly an infringement on a basic human right and a grave injustice.
“Freedom of speech and the right to peacefully protest is the unassailable right of every Nigerian citizen.
“May God bless those in our justice system who stood on the right side of history by doing the right thing.
“May God strengthen, comfort and bless Sowore, his wife and family as they have endured the most difficult of times while only being guilty of attempting to speak up for a better Nigeria.”
Sowore Is Our Benefactor, Not A Criminal –Ondo Students
Irinyemi stated that the Sowore Scholarship Foundation, which had helped many parents in the state to send their children to school, has been stopped since he was arrested and detained by the DSS.
A group of students in Ondo State have taken to the streets to protest the continued detention of the pro-democracy activist and Publisher of SaharaReporters, Omoyele Sowore, by the Department of State Services.
The students, under the platform of the National Association of Kiribo Students, said that the continued detention of Sowore should be rejected by all lovers of Nigeria.
The protesters marched all the way to Idepe Town under Okitipupa Local Government Area of the state, chanting songs of solidarity and calling for the immediate release of Sowore, who had made scholarship offers available to them over the years.
According to the students, the recent declaration of Sowore and Olawale Bakare as "prisoners of conscience" by Amnesty International, has showed that the pro-democracy activist was being recognised globally as one of the few Africans that have demonstrated doggedness.
Spokesperson for the protesting students, Samuel Irinyemi, told SaharaReporters that many of them benefiting from Sowore's scholarship programme had continued to feel his continued detention.
He called on President Muhammadu Buhari to obey court orders by mandating the security agency to release Sowore to his family.
Irinyemi, “We are just a few of the many students benefiting directly from Omoyele Sowore's scholarship foundation in Ondo State.
We are sad that our brother and great benefactor was arrested and had since been detained by the DSS over frivolous charges. Sowore is not a criminal because we know his history very well.     “This is a man that placed many of us on scholarship with his personal money and made it possible for us to have education.     “I have been benefiting from his kind gesture for close to five years now.     So, we are not happy about his continued detention despite court orders granting his release.
We are pleading with President Buhari to release Sowore from the detention of the DSS.     “Sowore that we know is a freedom fighter and he means well for Nigeria as a country.”     Sowore was arrested in Lagos on August 3, 2019 for calling on Nigerians to take to the streets in peaceful demonstrations to demand a better country from the administration of President Buhari.     The government is accusing him of insulting Buhari and planning to topple his regime through the planned protests.     Despite two orders by the Federal High Court, Abuja, directing the DSS to release him on bail since that period, the activist has remained in government detention, attracting condemnation from around the world.     Sowore: Sultan Of Sokoto Tells Buhari To Obey Court Orders     Abubakar said nobody can decide to disregard the court at will, adding that it would be detrimental to national development.     The Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Sa’ad Abubakar, has told President Muhammadu Buhari and all those in his regime to obey court orders because according to him failure to do so holds dire consequences.     The Sultan gave the warning while speaking at the 2019 fourth quarter meeting of the Nigeria Inter-religious Council in Abuja.     Abubakar said nobody can decide to disregard the court at will, adding that it would be detrimental to national development.     He said, “We must regularly obey and respect the laws of our land.     We should never disregard the laws to avoid the consequences.
If a court makes a judicial pronouncement on a particular matter, it should be obeyed to the letter.     “If you have any problem or disagree with the pronouncement, the next step is to appeal the pronouncement instead of disregarding or violating court judgments.     If you are served a court order and you deliberately refused to obey it because you are a governor, president or any influential person, then you are setting a dangerous precedent."
The Nigerian Government has failed to release Omoyele Sowore, disregarding two court orders by two different judges.
Sowore was rearrested at the Federal High Court in Abuja on Friday by operatives of the Department of State Services less than 24 hours after he was released on bail after 125 days in detention.
The invasion of the court and refusal to obey court orders has by President Buhari’s regime has been condemned from around the world.
The government is accusing him of insulting President Muhammadu Buhari and planning to bring down his regime.
Soyinka: 'Sowore, Welcome To The Club' As Nobel Laureate Slams Buhari Regime As Being Paranoid
The Buhari regime had on Friday filed seven counts of treasonable
felony and money laundering against Sowore.
Nobel laureate, Prof. Wole Soyinka, says the President MuhammaduBuhari regime has attained an “unprecedented level of paranoia”following the charges of treason filed against human rights activist,Omoyele Sowore.In a statement on Saturday, Soyinka said the nation had failed tolearn from past experiences.He said, “This is utterly depressing news. So, the Sowore affair hasmoved beyond harassment and taken on a sinister direction. Outside thecountry where I happened to be engaged at the moment, I can testifythat the immediate reaction around me was to dismiss this as yetanother grotesque product of fake news, of which Nigerians have becomethe greatest practitioners. I confess that I also joined in thisschool of thought – at the start.“Further checks have however confirmed that this government has indeedattained an unprecedented level of paranoia. I do not believe that thejustice department itself believes in these improbable charges, asformally publicized."So, once again, we inscribe in our annals another season oftreasonable felony. History still guards some lessons we have yet todigest, much less from which to learn. Welcome to the Club, Mr.Omoyele Sowore.”The Buhari regime had on Friday filed seven counts of treasonablefelony and money laundering against Sowore.The charges were filed a day before the expiration of the detentionorder of the Federal High Court in Abuja permitting the Department ofState Services to keep the activist for 45 days.
SPECIAL REPORT: Why Troops Are Losing Ground To ISWAP
Is the 2018 military strategy and campaign working? The facts based on the number of military formations successfully attacked and overran by ISWAP in 2018 in the areas of its dominance is 70 percent. What this translates into is that out of 20 military bases in these territories, ISWAP have either sacked by overrunning or forced the military to shut down a total of 14 bases in 2018 alone. The only time this ratio of attacks and takeovers came close to the 2018 numbers was in 2014. By the end of 2015 it was below 50% success ratio, which further dropped in 2016 and 2017, only to witness a sharp surge in 2018.
In the few days leading to the eclipse on 2018, reports from the warfront in North East Nigeria provoked huge concerns, fiercely stirring panic within communities in and around Maiduguri, Borno state. Governor Kashim Shettima, within this period, quickly called an emergency security meeting to receive briefs from different security commands in the state. At the Executive chambers of the Government House, Maiduguri, the seat of power in the state, the situation was grim and faces drawn.
In fact, the situation appeared so dire as Nigerian troops facing the onslaught of the combined affront of insurgency from terror groups, Islamic State West Africa Province (ISWAP) and Boko Haram forces, beat a steady retreat, incurring monumental losses of locational facilities. Within two weeks, the Nigerian troops had retreated tactically or been overrun in strategic military bases. Out of 20 military bases in northern and central Borno where Nigerian troops were in control, 14 had been overrun or altogether shut down.
Does the recent string of losses by the military represent a momentary setback likely to be overturned swiftly by the military or is the trend a fore-test of an uncertain future? All diplomatic and international military platforms knowledgeable about the escalating conflicts in the Lake Chad Basin affirm that at no time since the surge of violence in the region have the terrorists been in command of the level of weapons available to them today. Two developments explain this.
The terror groups, in recent times, have received a flush of funds from ransom paid to them allegedly by the government. Equally, there has been a steady access to unimaginable cache of military weaponry, including hardware and ammunition from bases overran by the insurgents, remarkably bolstering their war chest. For instance, the loss of the International Military Task Force Base, headquarters of the Multinational Joint Task Force, in Baga, headed by an Army General, is reported as monumental, not merely in the loss, of location but because of the massive military hardware and ammunition only comparable to what is available to the Military Division in Maiduguri, to ISWAP.
The insurgents are obviously riding the momentum and are motivated in manners that are completely alien to the military. According to a recent report by the AFP, in no year since the upsurge of conflicts in the North East have Nigerian troops been exposed to the level of casualties inflicted on them by the insurgents in 2018 alone. With an enlarged war chest, a strategic control of the economic mainstay of the Chad Basin cross cutting fishing, all season farming, water and control of cross border trade routes, the insurgents are looking formidable.
No wonder, they have recently scaled up recruitment of new fighters across both English and French speaking countries in the surrounding countries of Cameroon, Chad, Niger and Nigeria. Information gleaned from contacts within the fold of ISWAP paint an insight that seems to have challenged the position of politicians and the military in respect of holding territory. ISWAP always considered the territories of Northern and Central Borno their Caliphate territories. The presence of the Nigerian troops and particularly military bases were considered invasion by the military.
Bidding their time until they had adequate ammunition with additional army of motivated fighters to unleash new wave of violence the group was willing to stay under the radar for a few years before drawing the line on the sand. Their long wait paid off in 2018. They have been on the offensive all of 2018. The ISWAP’s strategy is to put everything available to ensure that military presence in those territories they consider part of their caliphate is made ever untenable. ISWAP considers all parts of north and central Borno as its caliphate and territory and therefore obligated by doctrines and commandment to repel every external aggression within the territory.
This is irrespective of whatever politicians and the military claim is the situation within those territories. In fact, Boko Haram / ISWAP policy with respect to physically holding territories changed after the steady losses they suffered in the run up to general elections in Nigeria in 2014. They do not want to physically hold unto territories anymore than they are determined to ensure that the military does not have any sustainable presence in the territories. Furthermore, ISWAP is paying more premium to wooing local communities to feel more secure with them than they could ever be with the military. That is their strategy.
They have secured the economic lines in the territories they control. The Lake Chad territories have become more fertile for famers and more viable for commercial fishing activities. They have largely crippled the fish and onions markets in Maiduguri. In its stead, they have opened secured trading locations in Kinchandi, in Niger Republic and another in Kusiri, in Cameroon. Nigerian traders rely on the market in Kusiri, Cameroon through Mubi, in Adamawa. The other in Kinchandi, in Niger Republic. The Nigerian market in Hadeja, Jigawa state depend heavily on the market in Niger Republic.
Nigerian troops apparently would rather confiscate a trader’s wares, forcibly take their livestock for their feeding than device any system of commercial comfort that would help them grow their business. It therefore seems not far-fetched that several local communities appear to cooperate better with ISWAP than with the Nigerian troops. ISWAP want to primarily make it unattractive and too expensive in terms of body count and loss of hardware for the military to maintain a base in any of these territories. They calculate that as long as they continually target and attack military formations, forcing them to beat a retreat so long would it be easier for local communities to accept that they are more secure in the territories under them than under the cover of Nigerian troops.
Moreover, they envisage that for as long as they sustain the push back against the military for so long will it be difficult for the demoralized troops to muster confidence to put them at tactical disadvantage anytime soon. Is the 2018 military strategy and campaign working? The facts based on the number of military formations successfully attacked and overran by ISWAP in 2018 in the areas of its dominance is 70 percent. What this translates into is that out of 20 military bases in these territories, ISWAP have either sacked by overrunning or forced the military to shut down a total of 14 bases in 2018 alone. The only time this ratio of attacks and takeovers came close to the 2018 numbers was in 2014. By the end of 2015 it was below 50% success ratio, which further dropped in 2016 and 2017, only to witness a sharp surge in 2018.
The outlook of the map in the battle theatres is grim. The territories that constitute Northern Borno are 10 Local Government Areas lying north of Maiduguri and bearing natural land borders with three countries namely Niger Republic, Chad and Cameroon. ISWAP have full sway in these territories currently. The territories that constitute Borno Central are made up of eight Local Government Areas, and both ISWAP and Boko Haram have significant footholds in these territories. Southern Borno, made up of nine Local Government Areas, is the least affected, with the exception of flashpoints such as Gwoza, Damboa and Chibok. With barely 45 days to presidential election in Nigeria there seems to be more energy at official quarters to cover up the tragic situation than acknowledging it.
The military have rightly stated that ISWAP may not be holding most of the territories where it overran its bases, especially the town of Baga. ISWAP, on its part, is also right when it says it has sacked soldiers from the areas it attacked, including Baga. Neither the military nor the insurgents have the manpower and capacity to hold and govern over these large expanse of land sustainably. But in desisting from building visible administrative and military structures in the areas of their primary interest ISWAP have evolved in a way that is difficult for Nigerian troops to track. On the other hand, by being fixated with claim of control of territories the military have only succeeded in making its troops sitting ducks and easy targets of the enemy.
More clearly, ISWAP is no longer showing interest in taking a formidable military base such as was in Baga and staying put there. It doesn’t apparently serve their tactical and strategic interest well. They are more interested in taking over military hardware and ammunition in those bases while instilling fear on the troops and making it extremely difficult for the military to have the comfort to plan and launch attacks. For instance, two days after overrunning the military base in Baga, the ISWAP moved out of location with military hardware and ammunition. According to knowledgeable sources, the objective is not to necessarily capture and hold new territories, what is far more strategic to ISWAP is to continually “unsettle the military in their bases across the Lake Chad region.”
There is no better indication to the effectiveness of the tactical approach of ISWAP against the military than seeing that Nigerian troops in the troubled locations are unable to undertake patrol duties. Rather, they are mostly in the trenches practically waiting for the next attack. One troubling outcome of this is the escalating number of troops on desertion charge. For instance, in just one detention centre in Jos, Plateau state, there are over 20 military deserters rounded up and detained. Similarly, a growing army of deserters are being held across major military detention facilities in the country. Obviously embarrassed at this turn of events, the military authorities are zealously covering up on these.
An Army officer currently hospitalized lamented that “soldiers have become cannon fodders,” revealing:"There are more soldiers deserting their commission over Boko Haram war. I can count dozens in my unit alone that escaped after they survived an attack.” The Nigerian Police Force are embroiled in similar matter with 121 officers of the rank-and-file who reportedly deserted in protest against planned deployment to the warfront dismissed with immediate effect.
The Inspector-General Ibrahim Idris, according to a report in Premium Times (December 28, 2018), ordered their dismissal. “The Police are very kind to their officers for dismissing them, we are not that lucky because after we attempted to escape, we were arrested and detained without trial for several months,” said a soldier detained in one of Special Task Force (STF) detention centers in Jos. He was arrested after he absconded along with scores of his colleagues from the warfront.
A confident Army Captain in the frontlines who spoke with our reporter on condition of anonymity extolled the troops for their gallantry on several occasions. He said that unlike the terrorists, the military do not carry cameras into the battlefront to record gun exchanges. According to him there are far more attacks on military bases and units by the terrorists that were repelled than the ones in which the locations were overrun. “The terrorists go to battles with cameras, while we, as a matter of policy don’t.” Nevertheless, he contends that Nigerians do not care about the number of insurgents that we have killed, “the killing of soldiers that protect the country’s sovereignty constitute a source of concern, what this means is, if soldiers continue to die, Nigeria itself may fail to exist,” he concludes.
Some of these attacks were so overwhelming that the bases were overrun with hundreds of casualties. According to multiple media reports, not less than 1,000 soldiers were killed in 2018. These casualty figures do not include soldiers killed in Niger Republic, Yobe, Adamawa and in Southern Borno. “In fact, there has never been a year soldiers were killed more than in 2018; not even 2013 and 2014 did we see the kind of casualties we experienced today,” said another soldier who doubles as a medical doctor in Maiduguri. More traumatizing for soldiers, according to ISWAP sources, are the humiliating experience of scores of abducted soldiers compelled to tutor the insurgents on new weapons handling before they are enslaved or executed.
Informed sources state that the military facility in Monguno is probably the only larest operational base outside of Maiduguri presently that is unaffected. Four or five are in Gajiram, Gajiganna, Gubio, Kareto, while Damasak is manned by the Multi-National Joint Task Force at the border with Niger republic. According to a serving military officer currently hospitalized, “the soldiers in most of these bases have all taken up defensive positions to protect their turfs and can hardly venture outside to patrol or engage in any offensive attack”.
Just like the officers deserting, the Military itself has long abandoned any mentality of “no retreat, no surrender,’ having steadily been on the retreat from several military bases. Weeks ago, they shut down two bases in Gudumbali and Kukawa. “We retreated to Monguno before Baga was attacked. Now, some soldiers and residents are running away from Monguno to Maiduguri,” reported a soldier in Shagari Low Cost Housing Estate in Maiduguri. He highlights the utter helplessness of the soldiers: what is disturbing is the effrontery of “ISWAP in making sure that we are fully made aware of their plans ahead of any attack. There was never an attack that we don’t see in advance, yet we are helpless,” he lamented.
In the midst of these setbacks, military fat cats are feeding exceedingly well on account of the war. On 28, December, 2018 the Defence and Foreign Affairs of the International Strategic Studies Association (ISSA) based in the United States stated that “the conduct of the war in the North (East of Nigeria) is tied to the corruption in the military, and (President) Buhari - ring-fenced by his own team - is unable to tackle the issue". ISSA, the Washington-based non-governmental organization with a worldwide membership of professionals involved in national and international security and strategy, stated that massive corruption among top military chiefs appointed by President Muhammadu Buhari is the reason Nigeria is losing the war against Boko Haram.
According to the report, the only significant engagement which the Nigerian military leadership seems determined to fight “is to stop the leakage of information about massive corruption, running into the equivalent of several billions of dollars, in the purchase by senior military officers of major military capital goods and military consumables, including the troops’ own food.” More than anything, it is the noticeable resurgence of the Lake Chad and the commercial viability of the territories under ISWAP that present the greatest pull on individuals in the Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camps to return to their villages. But for others, it is their ability to put out a good fight and sometimes win with an Army that enjoys global support, that is the biggest inspiration that makes many want to join. A recent recruit and a Francophone citizen said, “ISWAP's fortunes only means one thing, Allah with us.” Another who abandoned his rich family business in Kano to become a fighter said, “I have no doubt Angels are fighting with us, otherwise there is nothing that explains our victories.”
In the light of these realities, should the Nigerian Military continue with the tactical mentality that is leading them into embarrassing losses? For a government that has made so much premium of a claim on its control of territory from the insurgents, what these developments point to is probably worse than a setback. Efforts by independent observers to point out the evidently skewed tactical mentality have been visited with official hostility. Local and international Civil Society Organizations and the media have, for these reasons, come under attack by the military. For calling the Military out on its ignoble human rights abuses, including rape and extra judicial executions, Amnesty International and other Human Rights organizations have been targeted for official harassment.
Despite a consistent stream of global ratings and reports about Nigeria’s crisis, notable among them being the 2018 Global Terrorism Index in which Nigeria emerged the third most terrorized nation globally, both the Military and politicians in government have carried on as if this was of no consequence. The index placed Nigeria behind war-torn countries such as Iraq, Afghanistan and ahead of Syria and Pakistan. However, the report also showed a 16% drop in the number of deaths linked to terrorism in 2017 from previous year.
Also, the World Economic Forum, in its biennial tourism report with the specific section focusing on safety and security, recently ranked Nigeria as one of the most dangerous countries in the world. Amid all these disturbing realities the local media generally have caved in to a new sense of self censorship promoted by the Nigerian military, which is, “stop reporting the killings to dissuade Boko Haram from further killings” instead of, prevent the insurgents from killings in the first place, so that, there wouldn’t be any death to report.
Speeding Driver Kills Pupils In Ekiti
The bus driver ran into the pupils, who were trying to cross the road, killing three of them and leaving others injured on the spot.
A speeding commercial bus driver has killed three pupils at the abattoir end of Iworoko-Ekiti, Ekiti State.
The bus driver ran into the pupils, who were trying to cross the road, killing three of them and leaving others injured on the spot.
Those injured were taken to the hospital.
It was gathered that the driver of the bus lost control of the vehicle before ramming into the children.
At the time of filing this report, the spokesperson for the Ekiti State Police Command was unreachable.
SSS Is Indeed A Lying Machine By Stanley Imhanruor
Since the barbaric and misguided act by the SSS was well captured on tape, it is pertinent to reference some of the pictures and videos circulating in the media space.
I have read with amusement, the press release by the SSS wherein the service unashamedly denied any attempt to rearrest Omoyele Sowore and Olawale Bakare in the well of the court.
Since the barbaric and misguided act by the SSS was well captured on tape, it is pertinent to reference some of the pictures and videos circulating in the media space.
In the viral video, the person holding Sowore down (the man that eventually emerged beneath Sowore, wearing white shirt and a black jacket is an officer of the SSS.
Everyone could see from the viral video that when the arresting officer got up people where asking him: who are you? Who are you? But the officer refused to respond to the posers.
The officer is also arrowed in some of the viral pictures circulating on social media platforms.
The said officer is constantly around Sowore in the courtroom and he is the officer obviously detailed by the SSS to always be with Sowore in the courtroom to monitor his movement and conduct whenever the matter comes up in court whilst other officers stay some metres away watching.
For clarity, the officer's name in question is Dekko Nelly (Marshal).
Please do not be deceived by the press release by the SSS as same is merely a smokescreen designed to save its already badly battered image locally and internationally in the circumstance.
No matter how far and fast a lie travels, truth which is eternal and immutable will always overtake it in the long run.
Stop Attacking Shoprite In Nigeria, They're Owned By Nigerians -Expert Warns
He added that MTN is a publicly-listed company, hence, Nigerians are part of the shareholders and will bear part of the loss of vandalizing the firm's properties.
Rotimi Sankore, a veteran journalist, policy and development expert, has cautioned against the looting of Shoprite, a departmental store, that has been subjected to reprisal attacks following the recent Xenophobic attack in South Africa.
Sankore, who spoke during a journalism MasterClass held by the Civic Media Lab, said the stores being looted are mostly franchises owned by Nigerians.
Shoprite and Spar are mostly franchises. Most of the goods on the shelves are owned by Nigerians. The staff are Nigerians, he said.
He stated MTN, that has also become the target for the reprisal attacks, is a public listed company hence, Nigerians are part of the shareholders and who bear the part of the loss of vandalising its properties.
He said the Xenophobic attacks are triggered by high unemployment and high crime rates, and not because all South African hated Nigerians.
The veteran journalist also stated how the Nigerian Government could have better handled the Xenophobic attacks against its citizens.
In incidents like this when Nigerians are attacked, what you do is to summon their ambassador and demand that the perpetrators be brought to justice and that the victims be compensated. Also demand than police be deployed to protect Nigerians’ shops and businesses from further attacks. This would demonstrate to the looters that their actions are not acceptable.     If they then fail to act, you send the ambassador home and if the attacks continue, you can then take further measures like, seizing assets of the offending countries to compensate victims.”
Sankore said it was the failure of the Nigerian Government to take strategic steps to protect Nigerians that have led to Nigerian citizens resulting to self help and some people taking advantage of the protest to loot shops.
Sudan's Ex-President, Al-Bashir, Sentenced To Two Years For Corruption
The judge handling the case told the court that under Sudanese law, people over the age of 70 cannot serve jail terms, the BBC reports.
Omar al-Bashir, Sudan's ex-President, has been sentenced to two years in a social reform facility for corruption.
The judge handling the case told the court that under Sudanese law, people over the age of 70 cannot serve jail terms, the BBC reports.
Bashir also faces charges related to the 1989 coup that brought him to power, genocide, and the killing of protesters before his ousting in April.
During the sentencing, his supporters started chanting that the trial was "political" and were ordered to leave.
They continued their protest outside the court, chanting, "There is no god but God."
It is unclear whether Bashir will be tried over widespread human rights abuses during his time in power, including allegations of war crimes in Darfur.
Super Eagles Gains Four Spots In FIFA Ranking
In the ranking table on the website of the world football governing body, Nigeria garnered 1493 points as against 1481 points gotten in October.
Nigeria’s Super Eagles has moved four spots in the November ranking to place 31 on the FIFA ranking table.In the ranking table on the website of the world football governing body, Nigeria garnered 1493 points as against 1481 points gotten in October.The movement still helped the Eagles retain the third position on the continent behind Senegal and Tunisia, who are placed 20th and 27th with 1555 and 1506 points respectively.The upward movement was as a result of their 2-1 win over the Benin Republic and 4-2 win over Lesotho in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifying matches.
Talent Vs Hard Work — Lessons From Olamilekan, The 11-Year-Old Who is Macron’s Newfound Friend By Mide Ayeni
You see, Olamilekan has a mother who is futuristic. She understands the dynamics of success. Although poor, she is not blind. Olamilekan said: “When I was six, I started drawing. My mother noticed it and took me to an artist to learn under him.” First, she understands the place of talent, nurturing, mentoring and hard work. She saw a son who loved to draw decided to NURTURE the TALENT by enrolling him with an artist, who will MENTOR and TRAIN him so that his TALENT can boom.
I will tell you a story about talent and hard work. Which should come first?
It's going to be a long read.
First thing, I will also like to re-echo my constant words that “in 20 years’ time, ‘rock bottom’ will produce famous people more than ‘privilege.’”
This afternoon, I had a chat with hubby about Olamilekan, that is the young 11-year-old who met with the President of France and drew his portrait in less than two hours.
Well, let me explain. At the Afrika Shrine, where the French President went yesterday, the boy went to work and came out with a perfect portrait of Macron. The President was so thrilled that he said “This is exceptional”.
Let's talk about Olamilekan.
He's from a poor background. Rock bottom background! To most of us who see ourselves as average, Olamilekan sees us as privileged. He's so poor that he said: “In his family, they have to toil and sweat before they can put food on the table.” So he made a portrait showing a young boy with sweat all over him putting food on his table.
Olamilekan was so emotional when he was speaking to BBC about that art work that I could sense the tears in his words. He called it his favourite.
He is barely 11 years and he understands poverty and struggle so much that he could make a picture of it. Then you need to understand where he's coming from.
Secondly, if you saw the house where Olamilekan was interviewed, you will understand his roots — his life and his story.
I was drawn to him when I first saw the interview and downloaded the video to share with my son. You will also agree that I have posted his videos here more than twice. I was touched.
Let me tell you a secret that many people don't know.
You see, Olamilekan has a mother who is futuristic. She understands the dynamics of success. Although poor, she is not blind. Olamilekan said: “When I was six, I started drawing. My mother noticed it and took me to an artist to learn under him.”
First, she understands the place of talent, nurturing, mentoring and hard work. She saw a son who loved to draw decided to NURTURE the TALENT by enrolling him with an artist, who will MENTOR and TRAIN him so that his TALENT can boom.
This attribute that his mother showed is not learnt at Harvard. As a matter of truth, the most sophisticated and learned mothers/fathers don’t have it; they are shallow. They only understand the place of academics so they put their kids in an expensive school and pay for them to do another LESSON during breaks, especially the end-of-session break that is fast approaching and bug their heads with books without any opportunity to nurture the creative in them. Every single soul on earth has a TALENT and for most of them, without proper mentoring, they will miss it.
Another thing is, she understands the role of TALENT before HARD WORK. Let me tell you another story. You remember Olajumoke and ‘Taju goes to School’, right? Well, Olajumoke became famous for photo-bombing a prominent British model’s photo-shoot and fame smiled on her. However, Olajumoke, though hardworking, has a no visible talent that we can pin her to. She is amazing and hardworking but what is her TALENT? What does she have to give to SUSTAIN the FAME?
And you will notice that where Olamilekan was recognized, Olajumoke wasn’t. Olajumoke was popular on Nigerian social media and media stations but Olamilekan got a global recognition with top media stations. One of his videos has over 4.5 million views. I was elated. I was screaming and showing hubby the statistic.
After the BBC Africa interview, BBC International showed him and Aljazeera, not wanting to duplicate BBC’s video, came to interview him too. You can imagine the role of talent. It’s like saying Olajumoke should come back and photo-bomb. It’s simply not achievable. But with talent, you can have a ‘come-back-to’ factor every time.
The Bible says “a man’s gift makes way for him and makes him stand before Kings and not mere men”. And I always tell hubby that TALENT before HARD WORK. It’s when you understand the TALENT you have that you can now put in HARD WORK.
Hard work has it reward and it sometimes comes late but TALENT is a show-stopper. TALENT catapults you into greatness. Talk about Ronaldo or Serana Williams and the many talents around us.
I keep screaming it, parents need to do more. Olamilekan may not be the most brilliant boy in his class. He may not even be going to a private school for all you know, but he has a mother who knows what greatness smells like and I tell you, greatness is not in wealth or in books but in the mental growth of everyone. The day we all realize that we need to first know the talent that God has given us and how to nurture it, that is the day we have stopped EXISTING and have started LIVING.
Olamilekan’s story can never remain the same again. He said: “I want to be like Michelangelo. and I was like ‘Tosin, how did he know this guy?’ Looking at his background, who told him the story of the great artist?
Who are the ones your kids want to be like? Who are the people your kids live up to? Who are they? What story are you relating to them? You think if his mother was telling him about Slay Queen, he will know Michelangelo? What are you saying around your kids?
And summer break is coming, some people are thinking of enrolling their kids in school again. Some are thinking otherwise.
What are you thinking? What on earth are you thinking?
I have said it million times, in 20 years, we are going to see the reward of our investments.
Mide Ayeni is the Founder of Pearl Recycling, a sustainable eco-furniture company in Nigeria. She is a US Department of States Techwomen Fellow.
The Teflon President With Nine Lives Is On His Way Out By Dr. Wumi Akintide
The Teflon outlaw with 9 lives came to town promising to undo everything Obama has done while promising to “make America great again,” as if America has ever at any time lost her greatness following the end of the Second World War.
You probably know who I am talking about. The Teflon President with nine lives I have in mind is nobody else but Donald J. Trump. Can any of you reading this write-up imagine Barack Obama, who twice won the popular vote and the Electoral College tallies and who spent 8 good years in the White House without a single scandal, being described as a cat with 9 lives?
Not by a long shot. The answer to the rhetorical question has to be a resounding no. Poor Obama as President of the United States would long have been skinned alive and sacrificed to the gods by the Republicans who obstructed him every step of the way during all of his 8 years in the White House all in the name of partisan politics.
You would have thought they would have left him off the hook the moment he left office, but Republicans and their Narcissist-in-Chief in the White House have not left Obama alone for one brief moment. In fact, the grossly ignorant and incompetent lunatic in the White House still finds some ways to blame Obama or Hillary even for some of his own insanity or foolishness while fraudulently claiming to be the smartest President America has ever put in office.
