Farmers In Idemili North And South Council Areas Receive Agricultural Input From Anambra State Govt For New Farming Season
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-06-18 07:22:27CategoriesState  Farmers in Idemili North and South Local Government Areas have received agricultural inputs for the new farming season.
The farm inputs include high yield cassava stems and tomatoes, fertilizer and maize seedlings all distributed through the Anambra State Ministry of Agriculture.
Correspondent Blessing Uchendu reports that while addressing the farmers at the two Local Government Area headquarters in Ogidi and Ojoto, the team leader for Idemili North and South who is also the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agriculture, Dr Obidi Ifejika, said that the distribution of high yield inputs was a major step taken by the present administration to assist farmers in the state to achieve bountiful harvest, and lauded the Anambra State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr Nnamdi Onukwuba for the milestone he has achieved in the Ministry.

Dr Obidi urged the farmers to make proper use of the inputs and called on Ndi Anambra to see agriculture as a primary means to achieving food sufficiency in the State.
Receiving the team to both local government areas, the Transition Committee Chairman of Idemili North Local Government Area Mr Raphael Nnabuife represented by his Deputy Mr  Edwin Okonkwo and his Idemili South Counterpart, Mr Don Unachukwu, thanked Governor  Willie Obiano for always remembering farmers especially now that prices of agricultural commodities  are on the high side.

Contributing, the Head of  Department Agric Extension, Idemili North Local Government  Mrs Rita Obidiozor and her Idemili South Counterpart, Mr Mike Chike, expressed satisfaction with the gesture, saying that the State has made great impact in agriculture.
Some of the beneficiaries, including Mr Victor Egbe, Mrs Ify Odaba and Mr Chukwuemeka Ejikeme, appreciated Governor Obiano for his love towards Anambra farmers and promised to make judicious use of the inputs.
NIPR Holds 2021 Reputation Summit, Award Ceremony In Awka
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-06-18 07:18:27CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has reiterated his commitment to security of life and property of the citizenry.
He stated this during the 2021 Reputation Summit and Award Ceremony of the Nigeria Institute of Public Relations, NIPR Anambra State Chapter in Awka.
Emmanuel Chigbata was there and reports that Governor Obiano represented by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba, stated that in spite of security challenges threatening Nigeria Anambra State will continue to remain the most peaceful and safest in the Country
Governor Obiano reiterated that the State has scored high in transparency and financial integrity and assured to uphold the good reputations of the government.

The President and Chairman of the Council, Nigeria Institute of Public Relations, Mallam Mukhtar Sirajo represented by Dr. Ike Neliaku in his address, said that the Institute is determined to take necessary actions to introduce innovation and reforms aimed at strengthening and enhancing the practice of public relations in Nigeria.
Declaring the event open, the Chairman on the occasion and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah, described the theme of the event as apt, especially now that the issue of insecurity has become a persistently worrying in Nigeria.

While thanking Governor Willie Obiano for the opportunity to serve the government, Dr. Nworah urged the members of the Institute to build on solid reputations that will attract more development to  the State and beyond.
On her part, the State Chairman of the Nigeria Institute of Public Relations, and First Female Professor of Mass Communication in Sub-Saharan Africa, Professor Stella Okunna, called on Public Relations practitioners to be of good conduct while discharging their duties.
Speaking on the theme of the Summit, " Security Challenges In Nigeria: Implications for National Stability, the Summit Speaker, Professor Angela Nwammuo of the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University described the event as significant and proffered a pragmatic solution to the ranging crises affecting the nation's stability.
A council member of the Nigeria Institute of Public Relations Reverend Father Professor   Boniface Obiefuna, said the institute is poised to fighting quackery in the profession and called on the State government to continue using public relations professionals to manage the good reputation of the State.
The event was used to recognize those who have continued to promote the good reputations of the Public Relations profession.
Among the recipients were, former Dean Faculty of Social Silences Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka and Chairman of the Nigeria Institute of Public Relations in  Anambra State Professor Stella Okunna, the Acting Registrar Federal Polytechnic Oko, Mr. Obini Onuchukwu, and the National Youth Service Corps State Co-ordinator, Mr. Kehinde Aremu.
The Director of News and Current Affairs of the ABS, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze, the News Manager ABS, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor and Former Managing Director of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Lady  Chinwe Nnedum were part of the event.
More Inmates  Recover From Anambra Home For Mentally Challenged, Nteje, Oyi Council Area
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-18 07:13:02CategoriesState The twelve persons who werea picked up on Anambra streets as mentally deranged and brought to the Anambra  State Home for the Mentally Challenged, Nteje in Oyi Local Government Area have finally found their way home after undergoing full recovery processes at the centre. The twelve persons, four women and eight men, all from outside Anambra State, had been wandering on popular streets around the State until they were brought to the centre where their full rehabilitation processes began.  Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe reports that rehabilitation centre is a social work arm under the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, but enjoys major support and partnership with the Caring Family Enhancement Initiative CAFE, a charity organization run by the wife of the governor of Anambra State, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano. The rehabilitated persons were also given household materials, foods, cash and equipment to start off any of the vocations they had learned at the centre.  The rehabilitated persons are from Osun, Kwara, Enugu, Rivers, Imo and Ebonyi States. Speaking at the event, the wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano, said that she was excited with the achievements of the centre over the past six years, insisting that every human deserves love irrespective of mental or social State. Dr Obiano also said that it is important that the society sees those with mental health challenges as redeemable and not to stigmatize them, noting that having learned different skills while at the centre, the rehabilitated persons would be able to cater for themselves and contribute to their family's and society's development.  The Speaker of Anambra State House of Assembly Right Honourable Uche Okafor, said that what stands out in the governor's wife's charity attitude is her disregard for class, religion and ethnicity, observing that the fact that none of the rehabilitated persons were from Anambra State says something unique about character. In her speech, the Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs Lady Ndidi Mezue, noted that the current new look of the centre was as a result of the governor's wife's recommendation, including the setting up of a sick bay and skill acquisition centre, and added that Dr Obiano's infectious kindness stands tall among all charity stories.  Some of the rehabilitated persons, Mr Enerst Eze from Nsukka in Enugu State and Chinyere Okonkwo from Awgu also in Enugu State said that the love shown to them at the centre even though they were not from Anambra State was deep, and prayed for the governor's wife whom they described as a woman with incomparable compassion. Since its establishment in January, 2015, the centre has rehabilitated a total of one hundred and forty-two persons, of which eighty percent of them are not indigenes of Anambra State. 
Anambra Guber: 18 Political Parties To Battle For Obiano's Seat November 6
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-18 07:07:02CategoriesPolitics State Eighteen political parties have expressed interest to participate in the November sixth Anambra State governorship election and have scheduled to hold their primaries in line with the guideline of the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC. Ekwi Ajide reports that the National Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, disclosed this while addressing members of political parties at a consultative meeting in Abuja. He reminded political parties of the importance of complying with the provisions of the law as well as the regulations governing the conduct of party primaries and nomination of candidates. He urged them to ensure strict compliance with their party Constitutions, the law and INEC regulations and guidelines on party primaries in particular and the management of party affairs in general since electing good leaders begins with the quality of primaries conducted by political parties while the Commission will do its part to ensure that elections continue to improve in the country. In his speech, the Chairman Inter-party Advisory Council, Dr. Leonard Nzenwa, expressed joy at the realization of the plan to expand voter access to polling units across the Country. Dr. Nzenwa disclosed that Inter-Party Advisory Council is in advanced partnership talks with the Chartered Institute of Forensics and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria to help strengthen capacity of political parties. 
Ohaneze Youths Condemn Attack On Security Personnel, Public Property
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-18 07:02:26CategoriesState The Chairman, Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Wing Anambra State  and Spokesman of the South East Igbo Youth Leaders, Mazi Chukwuma Okpalezeukwu says that Igbo Youths condemn in strong terms the attacks on the Security Personnel and other Public Property in the South-East region. Speaking to Newsmen in Awka, Mazi Okpalaezeukwu who said that they are in support of the South-East Governors on the ban on open grazing maintained that Ohaneze youth wing aligned totally with the position of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, South-East Governors, traditional and religious leaders, in that regard as it will go a long way in checking insecurity. The Ohaneze Ndigbo youth leader regretted that many people have lost their loved ones because of the incessant crisis between herders and their host Communities in the Igbo Nation and called on the Federal government to abide by the resolution of the South-East Governors and stakeholders during the recent security council meeting in Enugu. 
Commentary: Repatriation Of Rehabilitated Mentally Challenged Persons
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-17 06:39:18CategoriesColumnist The current facility serving as the Anambra State Home for Mentally Challenged at Nteje is a creation of the Obiano Administration following Executive Council directive that the Ministry of Social Welfare, Women & Children Affairs should rid the streets of Mentally Challenged Persons and send them for rehabilitation. In line with the directive, the ministry conducted the first raid on Mentally Challenged Persons across the streets of the State in 2014. Those picked up were sent to Nawfia Psychiatric Hospital.
However, due to non-availability of space at the hospital and the need to find a permanent structure for the envisaged large number of Mentally Challenged Persons to be picked in subsequent raids, the ministry decided to transfer persons to Nteje rehabilitation centre as a pilot home for the Mentally Challenged Persons. Doctors from the Psychiatric Hospital, Nawfia were then relied upon to attend to the health needs of the inmates.
Since the formal opening of the centre on January 31, 2015, the number of inmates has increased geometrically with Government expanding the facility to accommodate more inmates. The centre receives its funding from the Government of Anambra State and support from the wife of the Governor who has also supported the home through her pet project, the Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ). CAFÉ has supported in the feeding and clothing of the inmates. Other good spirited Ndi Anambra have also provided immeasurable support.
The objectives of the center include: to respond to the fundamental obligations of government to provide the Security and welfare of the people; to extend the dividends of democracy to the Mentally Challenged Persons by removing them from the streets and providing general palliative care and psychiatric care to them and empower them with skills after their recovery and to serve as a platform to assess, evaluate and address the welfare situation of the mentally challenged Persons in Anambra State and beyond.
Others are to have a home for Mentally Challenged Persons picked up from raids and to trace, reunify and reintegrate them with their families and communities; to reduce the risks that the Mentally Challenged Persons are exposed to as they loiter the streets daily; to improve security situation by preventing social problems associated with having Mentally Challenged Persons moving around the streets with helpless citizens exposed to danger of being attacked by them among others.
Mode of admission of inmates at the center is through raids conducted by the Ministry of Social Welfare, Women and Children Affairs. So far, the center has successfully rehabilitated 142 inmates. Notably, out of this number, 80% are not from Anambra State.
Today, the home has a Sickbay, skill acquisition center which, in addition to learning skills, aiding quick recovery of patience. Gladly, at the peak of the successes, is yet another victory for Ndi Anambra.
Nteje Home for the Mentally Challenged will be repatriating 12 inmates in the current batch of rehabilitated inmates. We have our brothers and sisters from Osun; Kwara; Enugu; Rivers; Ebonyi and Anambra states. These psychiatric certified mentally stable individuals will once again get reunited to their families and with the ingenuity of Dr Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano.
They will be adding value to the society by using the acquired skill. The desire to champion the cause of poverty eradication in our society by the wife of the Governor is once again made manifest by her insistence to empower a demographic segment of the society, hitherto considered mentally unstable.
The administration of Governor Willie Obiano, with Support from his amiable Wife, Osodieme, has left an indelible footprint in the annals of history of the State. Through this intervention, Government has ensured no one is left behind. In the words of Akpokuedike, the vision is clear, the mission is known and the destination is certain.
WRITTEN BY LADY NDIDI MEZUE
Anambra State Govt Dismisses Rumours  Of  Bakassi Boys In The State
AuthorAnambra state governmentDate2021-06-17 06:36:25CategoriesState Anambra State Government has assured Ndi Anambra that Bakassi Boys security outfit is not in Anambra State, and will not be used again in the state.   A release signed by the Anambra State Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba states that an unidentified amateur video photographer has made a video claiming that the controversial security outfit known as Bakassi Boys, which was two decades ago used in Abia and Anambra states when the two neighbouring states were almost overrun by violent criminals, is back, this time in Awka, the Anambra State capital.   The release maintained that Anambra State remains the safest state in the country, despite the eight security breaches of the past few months which received enormous publicity, adding that the people and Government of Anambra State are proud of the record of security agencies in the state which have substantially overcome the challenges of the last few months.   It has it that the section of the media that reported the purported return of the so-called Bakassi Boys, which is not backed by any law in the state, would have known better if only they had contacted any official of the Anambra State Government.   That release states that what the journalists and some members of the public innocently confused with Bakassi Boys’ return to the state is a noble effort of some Awka indigenes to fish out cultists in the community who have attempted to capitalize on the inadequate number of policemen on patrol in the town in the last few months to fight themselves with dangerous weapons which resulted in some casualties. Awka youth, appalled by the sad development in their peaceful hometown, decided to fish out the cultists from their residences and hideouts.   According to the release, no fair-minded person can mistake the AVG for the unorthodox security outfit which was outlawed several years ago, whereas Bakassi Boys used to arrest suspects, tried them within minutes and executed them in broad daylight in a most savage manner, the AVG is a modern security outfit created by law, and it neither tries nor sentences suspects, while the AVG cannot tolerate lawlessness.   It states that the AVG works in close collaboration with the traditional ruler and president general of each of the one hundred and seventy-nine communities in the state but also the Nigeria Police Force.   It advises the people of Anambra State to go about their normal business as Anambra State is peaceful and calm and there is no Bakassi Boys security outfit in Awka or any other part of the state and the existing security agencies are doing their best to protect all of us.   
Auto Spare Parts And Machinery Dealers Association, Trade Fair Complex Lagos Empowers 100 Youths With N200,000 Each
AuthorJane JoshuaDate2021-06-17 06:35:12CategoriesNigeria No fewer than one hundred youths have received cash empowerment of two hundred thousand naira each from Auto Spare Parts and Machinery Dealers Association, Trade Fair Complex in Lagos.   The empowerment was part of activities to mark the fifth Anniversary celebration of Ekwusigo Geopolitical zone of the association.  ABS Lagos Bureau Correspondent Jane Joshua who covered the event reports that the President of the Auto Spare Parts and Machinery Dealers Association, Sir Sunny Igboanuzue who expressed gratitude to God and those who contributed to the peace and achievements of the association, said that the youth empowerment program was aimed at reshaping the mindset of youths, to reduce the burden of crime and social vices in the society.   Assuring the association's continual support to its members, the Chairman of Ekwusigo Geopolitical zone in the market Mr. Callistus Okeke and the Secretary of the association Mr. Chukwuemeka Eloka said that the beneficiaries of the take-off capital will be trained, adequately engaged and assisted in setting up new businesses.  In his remark, the Chairman Alaba International Electronics Market Lagos, Evangelist Paulinus Ugochukwu expressed worry over the negative effect of the coronavirus pandemic on businesses and thanked the association for the kind gesture to its members and called on wealthy business men to support youth empowerment in the society.   Beneficiaries including Mr. Igwe Agwu and Mr. Fatai Agbaje who said their joy  knew no bounds, assured judicious use of the fund.   They drew the attention of the federal and Lagos state governments to the dilapidated roads and lack of electricity in the market.   Presentation of awards to Sir Emeka Offor, Chief Innoson Chukwuma, Chief Cletus Ibeto, Dr. Anthony Ughagwu, Chief Ages Okeke, and cutting of cake featured during the event. 
Anambra 2021 Guber: ASATU Women Hold Sensitization Programme On Voter Registration At Ekwulobia, Aguata  Council Area
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-17 06:32:20CategoriesState Women across the state have been called upon to participate actively in electioneering processes of the November sixth polls.   The National President of Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo made the call at Aguata Local Government Headquarters, Ekwulobia during a one day sensitisation and enlightenment of women on  the forthcoming voter registration exercise in the state.   Women Affairs Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye who covered the event reports that the sensitisation programme attended by community women leaders in Anambra South Senatorial District was to enlighten them on the importance of registering and obtaining voters card as the exercise will kick off on twenty eight of this month.  Lady Franca urged them to go down to the grassroot and sensitize the women to participate so as to have a voice during the election, noting that some people may have lost their voters cards while many relocated from previous places of residence and some have attained eighteen years since the last voter registration exercise, urging them to approach polling booths close to them to get registered.   The National Secretary of the Association, Dr. Obioma Onyejegbu maintained that mothers have a peculiar character embedded in them which gives them convincing spirit and charged them to ensure their wards and husbands get involved.   On her part, the Coordinator of South Senatorial District, Mrs. Joy Onyekwere commended the policy of zoning in the state which she said has made it possible for the South to be the one to be voted for this time around, asking the women to double their efforts and shun money politics.   Lending her voice, the Coordinator of Aguata Local Government, Mrs. Anthonia Ekwebeli charged women never to mortgage their conscience as it will affect them thereafter.   Others who spoke at the event include Mrs. Ann Okonkwo and Mrs. Patricia Nwokedi.   The program gave room for the women to bare their minds on experiences they had during previous voter registration exercises and were advised on how best to overcome it. 
Anambra Medical Students Excel In NIMSA National Competition
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-17 06:30:16CategoriesState A team of medical students from the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Anambra state, took the second position in the recently concluded Nigeria Medical Students Association, NIMSA national competition.   The second overall winner team from Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Anambra state is made up of Emmanuel Onwuasoanya, Chukwuka Ikeako, and Chika Udoye.   Other members of the team that did Anambra state proud include, Onyinyechukwu Onyeañusi, Lucy Chikamso Ofor, and Basil Ozumba.   The medical student body, during annual NIMSA Week, usually organizes national academic competition.   Already some feelers among Ndi Anambra on the feat achieved by the school are that of happiness and sense of fulfillment.   They admitted that Anambra Medical Students have been doing Ndi Anambra proud, ever since the Willie Obiano administration made it possible for the accreditation of the medical school and graduation of its medical students. 
Anambra Govt Distributes Free Farm  Input In Anambra West Council Area
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-17 06:28:05CategoriesState Anambra West Local Government Area has taken its turn from the free distribution of high breed farm inputs embarked upon by Anambra State Government for registered farmers. The distribution exercise coordinated by Anambra State Ministry of Agriculture, will  avail registered farmers  opportunity to benefit. Addressing farmers in the area, the Team Leader for Anambra West Local Government Area, and Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agriculture, Honourable Mike Afah, said the initiative was aimed at assisting farmers in the state to achieve bountiful harvest, urging them to put the inputs into good use to achieve food security. Responding, the Secretary of All Farmers Association of Nigeria, AFAN, Anambra West chapter, Chief Amos Onoje, commended Governor Obiano for his clear vision in agriculture, and promised that farmers in the area will put the inputs into good used before flooding sets in, to enable government achieve set goals. Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that the distribution exercise, which took place at Umueze-Anam, Anambra West Local Government Area, attracted representatives of registered farmers’ groups, who promised to share them among their members. 
Administrative Panel Of Inquiry Into Omor - Anaku Communal Crisis Commences Public Hearing In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-17 06:26:10CategoriesState The eight-man Administrative Panel of Inquiry into Omor and Anaku communal crisis has commenced public hearing in Awka. The Panel has retired Air vice Marshall Ben Chiobi as its Chairman, while Mrs. Chinyere Nwabashiri serves as the secretary. Addressing members of both communities, Air vice Marshall Chiobi unveiled that the terms of reference of the Panel is to establish the immediate and remote causes of the crisis, interact with families and communities that claim ownership of lands in the disputed area as well as establish the boundary between Omor and Anaku.  He said the Panel will equally recommend to Anambra State Government, other possible solutions that will guarantee lasting peace in the area. The chairman, who assured judicious job, noted that the panel will visit the disputed areas in the course of their assignment to unearth every hidden fact about the crisis.  He appealed to both communities to cooperate with the panel for them to do a satisfactory and thorough job, even as he appealed to the youths of both communities to give peace a chance for the overall development of the area. A member of the Panel, Chief Paul Odenigbo had earlier prayed God to give the panel the wisdom to bring a solution to the crisis, which he said really saddened his heart.  Mr. Tony Ifeanya and Atummanya Michael on behalf of Ogwugwu Ikenga Anaku, and Amechi Ijele for Ayamelum Gospel Movement adopted the memoranda they submitted to the panel. Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that the Panel, which has one month to submit its report, also has Chief Alex Onukwue, Mr. Tony Chinedu and Emmanuel Nwabudo, among others as members. 
Sports Minister Dare Endorses Okowa - Led New AFN   Board
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-17 06:23:09CategoriesSport The minister of youth and sports development, Mr. Sunday Dare, has charged the new board of the Athletics Federation of Nigeria, AFN, to be focused and remain above board in the discharge of its responsibility, insisting that no national sports federation in the country is autonomous of the government. Mr. Dare described the elections of Okowa-led new board of AFN as a new dawn for track and field in Nigeria, saying the conduct of the elections strictly in accordance with the 2017 constitution of the AFN as recommended by both World Athletics, WA, and the Confederation of African Athletics, CAA, shows a new seed of hope. Dare, who was speaking against the backdrop of the AFN parallel board elections held on Monday with the one in Abuja producing Okowa and the other in Birnin-Kebbi producing Ibrahim Gusau, maintained that the only AFN board recognized by the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development was the one led by Okowa. He explained that the ministry’s recognition of Okowa’s board was due to the compliance with the Constitution of the Federation and laws of the land. 
Polling Units In Anambra Increases To 5720 As  INEC Unveils New  Units
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-17 06:21:47CategoriesPolitics Nigeria presently has one hundred and seventy-six thousand, eight hundred and forty-six Polling Units following the formal unveiling of new Polling Units. The National Chairman, Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Professor Mahmood Yakubu disclosed this during a meeting with Resident Electoral Commissioners and unveiling of the polling units proper at Abuja. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that out of this number, Anambra State now has five thousand, seven hundred and twenty Polling Units. According to Professor Yakubu, this expansion is coming twenty-five years after the first Polling Units were created, hence their adequacy and accessibility in terms of number and location across the country had to be addressed to ensure credible elections.  He said the commission also made efforts to relocate many Polling Units from inappropriate places such as private residences and properties, palaces of traditional rulers and places of worship to public buildings that will be accessible to voters, polling agents, observers and the media during elections. Professor Yakubu noted that two hundred and twenty-two polling units were removed from private properties, one hundred and forty-five from palaces; six from Mosques, while twenty-one were removed from Churches and nine from Shrines. He thanked various agencies, bodies and organizations and revealed that beginning with Anambra State governorship election on November sixth, 2021, there will be no Voting Points any more in Nigeria. Professor Yakubu also announced that the commission has approved June eighteenth 2022 and July, sixteenth 2022 for Ekiti and Osun States governorship elections respectively and implored political parties and aspirants to ensure rancour-free primaries and peaceful electioneering campaigns. In an interview with the ABS, the Anambra Resident Electoral Commissioner, Nkwachukwu Orji, said in spite of the arson attack on INEC facilities in the state, they are ready to conduct a free and fair election. He advised Ndi Anambra to be mindful of the fact that only peace can guarantee the election of a credible candidate. 
Commentary: 2021 Reputation Summit Of NIPR
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-16 07:14:04CategoriesColumnist The 2021 Reputation Summit and Award ceremony of Anambra State Chapter of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations, NIPR, comes up on Thursday, June 17, 2021 at Hilton Leisure Resort and Hotel, Awka.  According to the Chapter chairperson, Professor Chinyere Okunna and chairman of the planning committee, Dr Ikenna Umeanolue, Prof. Angela Nwammuo of the Department of Mass Communication, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu University, Igbariam will present a paper titled, “Security Challenges in Nigeria: Implications for National Stability and Reputation”.
Governor Willie Obiano, who is the patron of the state chapter of the institute, is expected as the special guest of honour, while NIPR President, Mallam Muktah Zubairu Sirajo will be the chief host. The State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba, will be the guest of honour. The MD/CEO of ABS, Dr Uche Nworah, will be the chairman on the occasion. Some prominent Nigerians who had contributed to the growth of Public Relations will be honoured.
The Nigerian Institute of Public Relations, as a professional association, was established in 1963 but was given legal backing by Decree 16 of 1990. The Decree declares it illegal for anyone to practice public relations without being a registered member of the institute.
Presently, the activities of charlatans who parade themselves as PR practitioners often give the profession a bad image; a situation which makes it difficult for corporate organizations, government agencies and policy makers to appreciate the invaluable services PR professionals render; thereby preventing them from giving the profession its pride of place in policy making and implementation.
Despite the role PR practitioners play in relationship management and national unity, many people, including governments, still relegate the profession to the background. The effect of this neglect still stare us at the face as different organizations and government spend billions of naira, in crisis management and restoration of battered images; a situation that would have been avoided if the service of PR professionals are recognized and square pegs put in square holes.
It is also regrettable that many corporate organizations and government agencies are yet to comply with the provision of the Decree establishing NIPR. Some people who parade themselves as PR professionals working in different corporate organizations and government agencies are yet to identify with the institute; thus making their activities illegal.
In this technological age when there is a cacophony of voices, both truth and falsehood, seeking attention, the use of PR professionals in information and reputation management becomes inevitable. Apart from other areas of PR practice, the profession harps on doing good and letting people know about the goodness. That is the essence of PR.
Today, Anambra State Chapter of NIPR is rated as having the largest number of PR professionals in the country. The chapter also has its own dose of Fellows of the Institute and has consistently maintained a seat in the Council; a seat currently occupied by Reverend Father Prof. B. A. C. Obiefuna, who was last month, in Bauchi, re-elected for another two-year term.
As the State Chapter of the Institute marks another milestone in her existence, it calls on organizations and government agencies that have relegated PR practice to the background to drop the attitude and enjoy the benefit accruable to those that engage PR professionals in their activities
Also, those individuals engaged in PR practice in whichever guise but are yet to identify with the Institute are advised to do so in their own interest.
As our motto, Professionalism for Excellence, says it is only through adherence to professionalism that we can achieve excellence.
WRITTEN BY DR. IKENNA UMEANOLUE
Anambra Guber: APGA Faithful In Anaocha Council Area Drum Support For Soludo
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-16 07:11:20CategoriesState Anaocha Local Government Headquarters, Neni was filled to brim as All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) faithful and others came out enmass to welcome Professor Charles Soludo.   Professor Charles Soludo who is an APGA aspirant for November 2021 elections was there for ward tour and also to witnessed Team Ochendo Vanguard inauguration all to his credit.   The Transition Committee Chairman of Anaocha, Engineer Patrick Onyedum said they have examined Prof. Soludo and see in him, sterling qualities that when harnessed, will help to put Anambra in the fore front.   Engineer Onyedum noted that the state is enjoying the transformational agenda of Governor Willie Obiano expressing hope that Prof Soludo will continue, commence and complete where the present administration will stop.  While addressing the gathering, Professor Soludo said that since inception of APGA administration in the state, there have been massive transformational and legacy projects in the state, stating that APGA is the mouth piece for Ndi Igbo.   Prof Soludo commended Ndi Anaocha for standing strong with him and asked them not to relent in efforts to see him fly the flag of APGA.   The former Senator of Anambra Central, Chief Victor Umeh called on Ndi Igbo to rally round their brothers  and assured that Ndi Anaocha are for Prof Soludo because of his achievements and qualities which will take the state to an enviable height.   The Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Dr. Uju Nwogu said they gathered to encourage Prof Soludo to move on with his intention, stating that with his pedigree, he will put the state in the lime light.  The Convener of the program, Chief Innocent-Porch Chikezie who is the founder of Team Ochendo Vanguard said the aim of the foundation is to see that development is  attracted to communities in the state and as well check the excesses  of those elected but more especially, to  mobilize  and  sensitize Ndi Anambra to vote for Soludo.   In their separate speeches, the Member Representing Anaocha Two Constituency, Honourable Ejike Okechukwu and his Njikoka Two counterpart, Dr. Pete Ibida said they want the best candidate who will manage human, material and capital resources of Anambra well.   Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that inauguration of Ochendo Vanguard Team featured at the event while some traditional rulers from the council, and hosts of others were among those present at the event. 
Diocese On The Niger Ends 31st Synod With Thanksgiving Service
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-06-16 06:51:46CategoriesState Diocese on the Niger has ended its  third session of  the thirty-first synod with thanksgiving service jointly officiated by the host Bishop, Right Reverend Owen Nwokolo, clergy from the diocese and outside including Bishop of Kabba Diocese, Right Reverend Steven Akobe at Saint John's Anglican Church, Eziowelle in Idemili North Council Area. The Thanksgiving service has in attendance the Executive Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, Governorship aspirants, Knights of Saint Christopher among other dignitaries.  In a message hinged on the theme of the synod, "Be Doers of the Word and Not Hearers Only", Bishop Nwokolo stressed that Christian life is the expression of God's nature and way of life charging Christians to show in words and deeds the true fruits of Christianity. The Bishop decried the nonchalant attitude with which some Christians live their lives thus reducing the influence of Christian values.  He commended Eziowelle and Abacha Anglican communities for their dedication and commitment which he said made the synod a success. In a sermon, the Bishop of Kabba Diocese, Right Reverend Stephen Akobe said the word of God is a mirror which guides and transform man. Bishop Akobe added that anyone who knows the word of God, knows God and can stand the storm of life and praised Anglican faithful of the diocese for the support they give to their Bishop describing Diocese on the Niger as the pride of Anglicanism in Nigeria and beyond.  In a speech, Governor Obiano represented by his Chief of Protocol, Hon.Uzu Okagbue said his administration in the last seven years enjoyed good relationship with the church promising to do more and urged the church to continue praying for the successful completion of his tenure. The synod Clerical Secretary, Venerable John   Nkwoemezie, the Chairman, synod planning committee, Barrister Ikechukwu Ubaka and the Vice Chairman, Chief Ezenwa Azie urged Christians to be obedient to God's command thanking God for the success of the synod. Staff reporter, Oggorchukwu Oranu reports that Bishop Nwokolo blessed the host communities while songs from the choir stand, rising of funds for the diocesan projects and cutting of synod cake featured at the event. 
Ohaneze Ndigbo VP Okeke Ogene Urges Nigerians To Take Ownership Of Country To Check Drift
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-16 06:46:59CategoriesState Nigerians have been urged to take full ownership of the country to tackle many challenges confronting the people.   Speaking in Awka , the Vice President of the Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide Chief Damian Okeke Ogene said while the uninterrupted  journey in consolidating growth of democracy should be celebrated, democratic rule in Nigeria is yet to meet the expectations of Nigerians as the people are still facing serious challenges including upsurge in insecurity, ethnic agitations, youth restiveness and increasing economic hardship.   Correspondent, Paul Ezeoke reports that Chief Okeke-ogene,  regretted that in spite of huge human and material resources abound in the country, Nigeria is still recording poor development indices in various sectors and is still trailing some smaller countries in growth and development, noting that restructuring the country would promote effective and efficient harnessing of resources in various parts of the country and encourage states to look in wards to expand their revenue windows as well as increase sense of competition among States .   He urged youths not to allow themselves to be used for political violence as well as shun cultism and other acts capable of derailing their future.   He stressed the need for them to be actively involved in politics to acquire the necessary knowledge and administrative skills to take over the leadership of the country.   Also speaking, a community leader, Chief Angus Onyema urged the federal government to take more proactive measures to diversify the economy to end the over dependence on oil revenue and burden of mono economy.   Chief Onyema called for more interventions in the agricultural sector to empower more farmers to boost productivity. 
APGA Debunks  Suspension Of National Chairman, Oye, Others
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-16 06:44:19CategoriesPolitics The All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, has described as unfortunate; the purported suspension of its revered National Chairman, Ozonkpu Victor Oye with some select national officers of the party by a band of political buccaneers and misfits, who gathered under the guise of NEC of the party, affirming that their leadership is intact. A statement signed by the National Publicity Secretary of APGA, Barrister Tex Okechukwu, stated that the so-called Jude Okeke and his cohorts are not officers or financial members of the great party and, therefore, did not have any powers to speak on behalf of the party. According to the statement, in accordance with Article 13 of the constitution of APGA 2019, only the national chairman of the party could convene meetings of NWC, NEC and National Convention and no such meeting had been convened. While stating that the Supreme Court had made it expressly clear that only the National Convention of a political party could remove the National Chairman of a registered political party, that the so-called NEC meeting on AIT was a political hatchet job to create undue tension in the party and misdirect their teeming members, though according to the statement, it was dead on arrival. The statement further confirmed that the leadership of the party under Ozonkpu Oye is intact and working assiduously to deliver on its governorship primary in Anambra State scheduled for June twenty-third, 2021. It however vowed to bring the full weight of the law to bear on mischief-makers and their sponsors, who are bent on causing disaffection among their members even as it added that the law enforcement agents have been placed on full alert to deal ruthlessly with anybody fomenting trouble in the party as APGA remains a peaceful, law-abiding party where peace, justice and equity prevail. The statement urged millions of their supporters to ignore the ranting of the rabble-rousers and go about their businesses without fear of molestation. 
UNICEF Seeks More Interventions To Promote Welfare Of African Children
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-16 06:42:54CategoriesState UNICEF has called for proactive measures and commitment towards addressing the numerous challenges facing children in Nigeria and the African continent. A statement signed by the Chief of UNICEF Field Office Enugu  Dr. Ibrahim Conteh said the Day of African Child serves as another opportunity to highlight the plight of children and need to protect their rights. It noted that African Children's Charter as supervised by the African Children Committee, provides an effective framework for advancing children's rights and existence of an effective child-friendly legislative policy, child's birth and other vital statistics, free from the impacts of armed conflicts and other disasters or emergencies as well as  access to the basic necessities of life, assuring that UNICEF will continue to champion the welfare of children and has remained committed in protecting them against COVID-19 pandemic and other health challenges. The statement called on African leaders to put necessary logistics frameworks in place to increase vaccination programme on the continent as well as increase sensitization of the people to discourage vaccination apathy, lamenting that coronavirus outbreak has affected the enjoyment of children's in various ways including feeding and nutrition, healthcare, water and sanitation. While explaining that various interventions have been carried out to improve the challenge of hunger, which contributes about forty-five percent of childhood mortality, while there should also be holistic approach to promotion of  juvenile justice and abolition of the death penalty, the statement urged stakeholders to ensure that policies and programs are designed to promote and protect  the best interest of every child including their participation in activities, non-discrimination and right to life. Day of the African Child 2021 has the theme "30 years implementation of agenda 2040 for African fit for children" 
Anambra  State Govt Commences Distribution Of Farm Input To Registered Farmers
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-16 06:42:01CategoriesState Barely a week after Governor Willie Obiano flagged off the 2021 wet season farming in Anambra State the state government has already begun free distribution of high breed farm inputs to registered farmers across the state. The farm inputs include high yield TME 4-19 cassava stems, high breed tomatoes, okra and maize seedlings all distributed through the Anambra State Ministry of Agriculture.  Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe reports that already, farmers in the twenty-one local government areas of the state have started receiving theirs, with expectation that during harvest, they would have made huge impact in boosting food sufficiency; a cardinal agricultural roadmap of the present administration. Addressing the rural farmers, the Team Leader for Njikoka and Dunukofia Local Government Areas and Special Assistant to Governor Obiano on Agriculture, Mr. Obioma Mbanefo, said that the initiative was to help farmers in all the communities in the state achieve a certain harvest output. While commending Governor Obiano for using the scheme to boost rural farming, a secondary approach to food security, Mr. Mbanefo noted that the inputs would be shared evenly among all identified farmers.  In their separate remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman, Dunukofia Local Government Area, Mr. Emeka Chinweze and the Head of Local Government Administration, Njikoka Local Government Area, Mr. Thomas Anumudu, commended the move, noting that the annual practice has had immense return. The Director, "Ugbo azụ ụnọ" Department in the state Ministry of Agriculture, Mrs. Juliana Edochie, who also taught the farmers the different techniques for practicing farming at home, urged them to use the inputs for the best purpose. Mrs. Gladys Okoye and Mr. Peter Amaegwu, who were among the beneficiaries said that the inputs would help them through the farming season, as well as increase their cultivation. Governor Obiano, in continuation of agricultural revolution in the state, had made the disbursement of farm inputs to farmers an annual fixture. The governor also  resurrected the "ugbo azụ ụnọ" and "ugbo ụmụ akwụkwọ" farming philosophy, an age-long subsistence farming culture that was practiced at homes and in schools. 
Commentary: Creating Employment Through Creative Industry
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-15 05:42:06CategoriesColumnist Africa’s contribution to the creative industry is significant when we look at it through the lens of cultural expansion and recent global adoption. However, although Africa is rich in talent, the continent is poor in infrastructure. Africa is booming with a deep pool of young creative talent, who are without the capacity to showcase their skills or commercialize and monetize their brands.
W.H.O., UN and the Sustainable Development Goals have all cited the potential the creative industries contribute to Africa’s economic growth. They state that the key drivers of job creation are: design, music, film, fashion and craft. This is most evident in Nigeria where the Nollywood film industry is the second largest provider of work in the country.
Nollywood churns out about 50 movies per week with an average of 130 people employed per movie. Regrettably, majority of the creative work force are freelancers, who are grossly underpaid in comparison to their foreign counterparts. The result of this fragmented industry has molded majority of the creative to working for daily fees, rather than salaries.
To tackle unemployment in the creative and other industries, there is need to ask: which jobs must be created, for whom and why? For Africa’s creative aesthetics, values and world views to be exported and to increase its market share and visibility in the creative economy, there will need to be greater vision, political will, access to capital and business expertise.
Until then, there is a role technology could play to close the unemployment gap in the creative sector across Africa. Now is the time where the frustration of the disjointed creative industry is forcing creative minds to build disruptive technologies as a solution. The benefits of looking to digital tools for unemployment solutions must be considered.
According to research by McKinsey Africa, “…There are 122 million active users of mobile financial services in Africa. The number of Smartphone connections is forecast to double from 313 million in 2019 to 636 million in 2023”. Statistics in Nigeria show that more jobs are being created in the entertainment sector and majority of these jobs are performed by freelance creative between the ages of 18 and 40.
Disruptive technology has harnessed this data and created an online marketplace that allows talented and skilled creative upload their profile, their availability, work portfolio, services and prices.
For the first time, African creative can connect with clients, promote their services and drive value for their work in the African creative economy.
Clients from across the continent can simply source, compare, book and pay securely online for the creative service rendered across any African country such as: models, makeup artists, hair stylists, photographers, voice over artists and more. This enables emerging and established creative to gain recognition, enter the global creative industry on their own terms and build sustainable brands.
This digital marketplace is scalable as it can increase the types of creative services rendered, easily increase its reach within less accessible African regions, allowing for mass talent awareness and job creation across the continent; all at the touch of a Smartphone.
Ultimately, without pro-growth policies from the government, which will attract the private sector, the creative sector must create its own ecosystem to improve productivity, innovation and technology dissemination.
In the next few years, we can expect to see invention of more disruptive and scalable start-ups, whose mission is to become the largest employer of freelance creative across Africa.
In order to meet some of Africa’s vast needs and unfulfilled demands within the creative industry, entrepreneurship, innovation and a mindset which views Africa through a lens of its potential will go far in tackling the unemployment issues across the continent.
WRITTEN BY DR. TIMOTHY IFEDIORANMA
Stakeholders Ask Youths To Champion Blood Donation To Save Lives
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-15 05:37:20CategoriesHealth State As the world marks the 2021 blood donor day, youths have been called upon to be at the forefront of activities and initiatives aimed at achieving safe blood supplies through voluntary, non-remunerated blood donations.   World Blood Donor Day, designated in 2005 by World Health Assembly, is celebrated every 14th June to thank blood donors and raise awareness about global need for safe blood and how everyone can contribute.   With the theme, “Give blood and keep the world beating”, this year’s event has special focus on the role of young people in ensuring a safe blood supply for improved healthcare services.   Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala, who acknowledged the importance of availability of safe blood in healthcare services, said among other measures, the State Government introduced “smart drone blood delivery system” to help in speedy conveyance of blood to hard-to-reach areas in the State.   Speaking on the day, Rotarian Jude Akpua, Messrs Chinedu Eze, Michael Anokwute, and Engineer Christian Obikee, who commended existence and contributions of club of voluntary blood donors among students advised youths to visit designated blood donation centres to participate in saving lives.   A Medical doctor at the General Hospital Enugwu-Ukwu, Mr. Uchenna Okeke, said health hazards and death may occur if a patient loses excess blood during child delivery, surgical operations or accidents.   On the benefits of blood donation to the donor, former Manager of a hospital in Abba, Rev. Fr. Christopher Eze, said voluntary blood donation is a charitable deed which attracts God’s blessing, while Medical Laboratory Scientists at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital, Nnewi, Mr. Israel Okorie, and Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Awka, Mr. Jude Nwabueze, said when properly screened, blood transfusion reduces the donor's risk of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, heart attacks among other health benefits.   Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that specific objectives of this year’s world blood donor day include to promote community values of blood donation in enhancing community solidarity and social cohesion. 
Late Christopher Okoye Laid To Rest At Enugwu Agidi, Njikoka Council Area
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-06-15 05:35:01CategoriesState The  remains of Late Mr Christopher  Okoye, have been laid to rest in his compound at Obunagu,Etiti Village,Enugwu_Agidi,Njikoka Local government area of Anambra State.
The burial ceremony attracted family members, the clergy, religious, Anglican faithful, friends and well wishers from within and outside Nigeria.

Queen Anigbogu reports that In a sermon during the burial,the Deputy Resident Priest, Saint Mark's Anglican Church,Enugwu-Agidi, Reverend Pat Odinanwa, said the number of clergy who attended one's burial does not determine where the dead will spend eternity but the kind of life he lived before death.
He lamented at  the rate people die these days appealing to Christians to be prepared at all times by  living a life of righteousness.

In his comments, the immediate younger brother to the deceased,  Mr Sunday Okoye, said his late brother made him who he is today praying that God will fill the vacuum his  death created especially in the lives of his children whom he said, are still very young.
In her remarks, one of the sisters,Ms Edith Okoye, who spoke glowingly about her brother expressed hope in God for comfort.
In their separate remarks,the first and second sons of the deceased,Messrs Ifeanyi and Ken Okoye,with grief-laden voices, described their late father as the best among best and appreciated all whom came to identify with them in their moment of grief.

Also speaking ,Mrs Nkiruka Obidigwe,an indigene of Etiti village, Enugwu-Agidi, urged  the family to bear the loss with fortitude and prayed God to console them.
Interment, dances and condolence visits featured during the burial.

Anambra 2021 Guber: Soludo, Three Others Scale Screening Hurdle
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-15 05:30:12CategoriesPolitics State The former Central Bank Governor and front line APGA gubernatorial aspirant, Professor Charles Soludo and three other aspirants have scaled through the first hurdle in their quest to participate in the November sixth governorship poll. Those, who were cleared by the party to contest the June twenty-third 2021 primary election with Professor Soludo are Sir Damian Okolo, Dr. ThankGod Ibe, and Honourable Okwudili Ezenwankwo.  According to a release signed by the National Organizing Secretary of APGA, Barrister Ifeanyi Mbaeri, Hononourable Chukwuma Umeoji, Hononourable Nonso Smart Okafor and Hononourable Nnamdi Carter Umeoduagu, were not cleared for defiance and insubordination to the party. The release further said that Messrs Ozoka Odera Ifeanyi and Akachukwu Nwankpo were not cleared because of their inability to meet the eighteen months membership requirement of the party.  Barrister Mbaeri also said that, those not successful at this stage have a right to appeal in writing to the party, even as he explained that the outcome of the screening committee could be vetoed by the APGA's National Working Committee.  
Police Rescue Over 26 Abducted Children In Ebonyi State
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-15 05:25:38CategoriesNigeria Ebonyi State Police Command said it has rescued over twenty-six abducted children from their abductors. Ebonyi State Commissioner of Police, CP Aliyu Garba stated this during an event on ethical reporting and advocacy to eliminate violence against women and girls at Calabar, Cross River State capital. Mr. Garba said the victims were abducted in Ebonyi and sold to different states of the federation. Mr. Garba, who spoke through a gender desk police officer in the command, Loveth Ogbouanya, lamented that a great number of poor children are abducted by child traffickers and sold to other states of the federation. The commissioner further noted that the police command through the gender desk office has been touring local government areas of the state to ensure that all cases involving violence against women and girls as well as child trafficking is totally eliminated. The CP described gender-based violence as an offence and it is the duty of all to report offenders to the Police. 
WEAAD: Alzheimer's Disease Foundation Seeks Proper Care For Elderly People
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-15 05:23:02CategoriesState The Alzheimer’s Disease Foundation has called on relevant authorities and stakeholders to care more  for the elderly to help them live better lives. The group made the call at an event, held at Amawbia, Awka South Council Area, in commemoration of the 2021 World Elder Abuse Awareness Day, tagged "A One-day Policy Dialogue with State Government Agencies and Relevant Stakeholders on Health, Social Well-being and Protection Policy for the Elderly in the State". Correspondent, Chibuzor Obidike reports that World Elder Abuse Awareness Day, WEAAD, celebrated on fifteenth June every year, was launched by the International Network for the Prevention of Elder Abuse, aimed at providing opportunity for communities around the world to promote better understanding of abuse and neglect of older persons by raising awareness of the cultural, social, economic and demographic processes affecting elder abuse and neglect.  Alzheimer’s Disease Foundation, ADF, on the other hand is a non-governmental, non-political, charitable organization founded by Iyom Josephine Anenih in 2016, and seeks to create awareness about the prevalence, prevention and possible cure of Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia in Nigerian communities. Declaring the event open, the state Commissioner for Social Welfare, Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue represented by a Special Assistant to Governor Obiano, Mr. Onyeka Ebenebe described the celebration as apt considering the importance of the elderly in their service to the nation and their verse knowledge in all aspects of human endeavors and commended  the ADF for its quest in caring and enlightening the people.  Lady Ndidi  assured that the ministry is always ready to partner and adopt ideas and initiatives that will better the life of the state populace and improve the living standards of the people and expressed t.he hope of more sensitization of the state citizenry for improved health, economic and social wellbeing of the elderly. For the convener, Iyom Anenih, Alzheimer’s disease is an irreversible, progressive brain disorder that slowly destroys memory and thinking skills causing a general decline in cognitive ability⅞he said since government cannot do everything alone, there is need for people to invest in the upkeep of elderly people and pointed out that Alzheimer’s disease, which affects five to eight percent of people above sixty years of age, has no current cure but treatment for symptoms. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Economic Planning, Budget and Development Partners, Dr. Daniel Ezeanwu, defined the event as an eye opener to brainstorm on the prevalence and prevention of diseases that exist among the elderly, which according to him, can be done with proper care. Presenting a paper titled, Policy framework for Advancing the Health, Social Wellbeing and Protection of the Elderly, a resource person, Dr. Henry Duru called for change of strategy towards caring for the elderly and listed health, economic and social wellbeing as major parts of their lives that need attention. In their reactions, the Director News and Current Affairs Department of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze, Director National Orientation Agency Barrister Charles Nworji, and Mr. Emma Elekwa, while applauding Dr. Duru, suggested that his presentation be adopted as a working document. The theme for the 2021 World Elder Abuse Awareness Day is "Elder Abuse, Prevention, Lets’ Talk". 
ECOWAS Community Court To Hear Suit Challenging FG Suspension Of Twitter June 22
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-15 05:19:38CategoriesNigeria The  community Court of Justice of the Economic Community of West African States, ECOWAS, has fixed June twenty-second for a hearing on a motion in a suit challenging Nigerian Government’s suspension of the operations of the microblogging platform, Twitter. The plaintiffs are the Registered Trustees of the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project, SERAP, and four hundred and twenty Nigerians, including former Minister of Education, Oby Ezekwesili and the co-founder of the #BringBackOurGirls movement Aisha Yesufu. The court, in a notice to the plaintiffs’ lawyer, Femi Falana, SAN, and respondent’s counsel, Mrs. Maimuna Shiru, stated that the hearing will be virtual. SERAP and the four hundred and twenty Concerned Nigerians are suing over “the unlawful suspension of Twitter in Nigeria, criminalization of Nigerians and other people using Twitter, and the escalating repression of human rights, particularly the rights to freedom of expression, access to information, and media freedom in the country”. In the suit numbered ECW/CCJ/APP/23/21, they are seeking: “An order of interim injunction restraining the Federal Government from implementing its suspension of Twitter in Nigeria, and subjecting anyone including media houses, broadcast stations using Twitter in Nigeria to harassment, intimidation, arrest and criminal prosecution, pending the hearing and determination of the substantive suit.” 
APGA Holds Wards Delegates' Election Today And Tomorrow
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-06-15 05:17:16CategoriesPolitics State Chairmen and Secretaries of All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA across the twenty-one local government areas of Anambra State have agreed that the Wards Delegates' Election slated to hold today and tomorrow June fifteenth and sixteenth ahead of the gubernatorial primary of the party, will be conducted rancour free, fair, and in a credible and transparent manner.  They made the agreement in a communiqué issued after an interactive session, held in Awka with all the gubernatorial aspirants of the party. The four gubernatorial aspirants of the party, including Sir Damian Okolo, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, Chief Thank-God Ibeh and Honourable Okwudili Ezenwankwo, who were cleared to contest in the party, were present at the event.  The communiqué signed by the twenty-one local government Chairmen and Secretaries of the party and the gubernatorial aspirants also undertook that the delegate list will not be manipulated to favour any aspirant.   While reiterating the supremacy of the party, the APGA local government Chairmen and Secretaries also asked the gubernatorial aspirants to agree to support any aspirant, who emerges as the candidate of the party upon the conduct of a free and fair primary election.  The chairman, Anaocha Local Government Area, Barrister Ndubuisi Obiadi read out the communiqué on behalf of the forum.   Earlier, the chairman of all the local government Chairmen, Chief Livinus Onyenwe restated the importance of the party to go to the November sixth poll as a united house.  The gubernatorial aspirants also took turns to commend the action of the local government chairmen while recommitting to the supremacy of the party and promised to abide by the contents of the communiqué. 
Commentary: Excellent Results In Agriculture Under Obiano
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:29:02CategoriesColumnist Last Wednesday, Governor Willie Obiano launched the 2021 farming season, the eighth in the series under his watch. There is no doubt that after seven years of recording excellent results in Agriculture Ndi Anambra have become used to success. Suffice it to say that Obiano has not let his people down in agriculture and other sectors.
Governor Obiano was able to record unprecedented success in agriculture because he believes that the farm of the future must fulfill three important promises – it must feed the people, it must protect the environment and it must offer a healthy return on investment.
Hence, the theme of this year’s planting season, “Empowering the Youths to Engage in Agriculture for Sustainable Development”, was carefully selected to drive the fulfillment of these promises. Under this theme, the approach of the Anambra State Government is to mechanize agriculture and encourage the production of Target-Crops for backward integration. Next is to stimulate Agro-business and investment by taking advantage of the opportunity created by the new International Cargo/Passengers Airport at Umueri to boost export activities.
Consequently, Akpokuedike flagged off this year’s Wet Season Farming with some new agro-inputs: CBN-funded Accelerated Development Scheme (AADS) and the Ugbo Azu-Uno initiative programme.
It is a positive testimonial that in seven years that Obiano steered the ship, rice production in our dear state has risen from a paltry 80,000 metric tons per annum in 2014 to 440,000 metric tons per annum in year 2020; likewise cassava production, which increased from 276,000 metric tons in 2014 to 2.1 million metric tons in 2020. Maize production rose from 16,000 metric tons in 2015 to 64,000 metric tons in 2020 and vegetable production increased from 48,000 metric tons in 2015 to 322,000 metric tons in 2020.
Land utilization also increased and stands at over 95,200 hectares due to the influx of more people into agriculture. Today, Anambra has over 160,000 farmers and 3,000 Co-operative Societies duly registered. Most of our farmers have made a swift transition from one season farming to year-round farming with the increasing use of irrigation and the adoption of global best practices in agriculture.
Furthermore, when one looks at trends in our national economy, we see the need to give kudos to our proactive governor for his decision to make Agriculture the number one pillar of his economic blueprint. Agriculture is becoming increasingly important in Nigeria. Thus, Anambra must continue to push harder to surpass the targets it set for itself in the sector.
It is heartening, though, that Governor Obiano, in pursuit of this, has set his sights on deepening his efforts to mechanize agriculture in the state. The government has made adequate arrangements to provide more access to capital intensive farm machineries like tractors and other equipment to the farmers. This will enable Anambra meet its target of cultivating 35,000 hectares of land in this farming season.
To achieve this, the government has developed over 1,200 hectares of land for rice production; hoping to increase rice, Yam, Cassava, Vegetables and Maize production in this planting season. One thousand youths from three senatorial zones of the State will be engaged in rice production in the over one thousand, one hundred and seventy-seven hectares of land developed at Ndikelionwu in Orumba South.
The state government is equally constructing two fish villages at Adazi Nnukwu and Aguleri, with six hundred ponds, which will further engage six hundred youths when completed, while also expanding production of horticultural crops, tomatoes, onions, cucumber, ginger and other vegetables to enable Anambra State become self-sufficient, among others. This year too, the Obiano administration will continue to promote the rearing of efi-igbo, aquaculture and piggery as alternative sources of protein.
It is heartening that Anambra, under Obiano, has established the fundamentals for a big agro-economy. It has created the enabling environment and attracted quality investments. However, it takes a determined citizenry to sustain a vision of development.
Therefore, Ndi Anambra should rise to the occasion by coming into agriculture in a much bigger way to help sustain the momentum Akpokuedike has built in this sector. His administration has proven its capacity to make things happen. Ndi Anambra, the ball is now in your court.
WRITTEN BY DR NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala  Commends Carter Centre For Fight Against Neglected Tropical Disease
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:26:35CategoriesHealth State Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala has commended the team from Federal Ministry of Health, `The Carter Centre, for its commitment and support towards the fight against Neglected Tropical Diseases in the State. Dr Okpala gave the commendation during an advocacy visit of the team to his office at the Jerome Udoji Secretariat Complex in Awka. The Commissioner commended their initiative and commitment in the State while assuring them of the State Government’s continued support. He emphasized the importance of carrying out surveys, which help in getting feedback from implemented activities. Dr Okpala assured them that his Ministry will look into their challenges especially, in the aspect of logistics and convey it to Governor Willie Obiano for prompt intervention. The Federal Ministry of Health, South East Zonal Co-ordinator of Neglected Tropical Diseases, Mrs Chinwe Okoli said that the objective was to strengthen the relationship between the Centre and Government at both Federal and State levels. Mrs Okoli commended the State Government for supporting the activities of Centre in fighting diseases like Neglected Tropical Diseases across the State. The Carter Centre is a non-governmental organization that helps to improve lives by resolving conflicts, advancing democracy and preventing diseases. 
Anambra Diaspora Ministry To Partner Private Firm To Create Tourist Board Game
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:24:13CategoriesState Anambra State Ministry of Diaspora Affairs, Indigenous Artworks, Culture and Tourism has entered into partnership with a private firm to create a Tourist Board Game. The memorandum of understanding was signed in the commissioner's office at the Jerome Udoji Secretariat Complex in Awka. The Commissioner Dr Kenneth Anierobi said that the objective is to create a Board Game that promotes the cultural and tourist attractions of the State as players of such Games will be able to learn about the locations of tourist facilities of the State while enjoying the game itself. He noted that the Games will be developed and made available to the public in no distant time. The Director and Chief Operating Officer of the firm, Mr Nonso Anyaegbu said that the Games are first of its kind in Nigeria and Africa. He noted that the game will showcase the history of Anambra State, its giant strides and tourist sites. The project is also set to improve the Internally Generated Revenue of the State. 
NCAA Issues Guidelines For Flight Catering Services
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:22:17CategoriesNigeria The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority has issued guidelines for companies providing in-flight catering services to airlines operating domestic flights in Nigeria. According to the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, catering service providers had been identified by the Authority as one of the key service providers to airlines that were required to put in place COVID-19 risk management measures to assure the travelling public that catering products served on board flights were not a potential sources of COVID-19 pandemic. In a circular issued by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority on the resumption of domestic flight operations in the Country, in-flight catering companies were required by the Authority to carry out regular risk assessments of their operations, and put in place remedial actions to address any identified hazard to prevent the possible spread of COVID-19 virus to their customers through their products. 
FG Blames Petrol Subsidy For Lack Of Investments In Refineries
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:20:35CategoriesNigeria Federal Government has said that many private investors are not motivated to establish refineries in Nigeria because of the continued subsidy on Petrol. Speaking through its Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, it explained that investors are not keen to construct refineries despite being issued licences to do so ten years ago. The government agency disclosed this is in a statement on fighting economic sabotage through the deregulation of the downstream sector in Abuja. Nigeria has been subsidizing petrol through the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, as the firm recently declared that the huge subsidy on petrol will hinder it from making remittances to the Federation Account in May and June this year. Taking the huge benefits of deregulating the downstream sector into account, the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency argued that only economic saboteurs who were adverse to the country’s socio-economic development would be against such a full deregulation policy. 
UNICEF Raises Alarm Over Upsurge In Female Genital Mutilation In Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-14 06:19:28CategoriesNigeria The United Nation Children’s Fund UNICEF has raised the alarm over upsurge of female Genital Mutilation in the country. The scourge, according to the International body, had continued to rear its ugly head due to myriads of socio-cultural beliefs that vary across communities with regional and ethnic variations in prevalence. UNICEF facilitator in Imo State, Dr. Vitus Ekeocha while speaking at a one day UNFPA-UNICEF joint programme on Elimination of the Female Genital Mutilation Accelerating Change at Isu Local Government  Area, said that a National Policy and Plan of Action on Elimination of the obnoxious culture in the country 2013-2017, 2020-2024 version, is being produced. 
2021 Ihiala Diocesan Youth Advancement Rally Ends At Catheral Church Of St. Silas Ihiala
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2021-06-14 06:17:54CategoriesState Youths have been urged to get acquainted with the use of Information and Communication Technology, as the world has evolved into a global village. The call was made during the 2021 Ihiala Diocesan youth advancement rally, held at the Cathedral Church of Saint Silas, Ihiala. Correspondent, Onyinye Agubaeze reports that the rally, which had its theme as “Equipping the Youths for a fulfilled life” was initiated by the Bishop of the Anglican Diocese of Ihiala, Right Reverend Professor Israel Okoye and was well attended by the clergy, youths and people from all walks of life.  Speaking during the event, Right Reverend Okoye said the purpose of the rally was to contribute to youth’s development in a sustainable way, by enabling younger ones to toe the right direction in life as against things that negate the purpose of their living. One of the resource persons at the event who was a one-time Corps Marshal of the Federal Road Safety Corps and former Minister of Aviation, Chief Osita Chidoka who spoke on “self-reliance”, advised youths to engage themselves in service of God and humanity. He urged them to seek for more knowledge and be ready to tap opportunities which he said await only those that are hard working.  Also speaking, the wife of the Bishop and President of the Women’s Ministry in the Diocese, Dr. Faith Okoye maintained that heart desires should be in accordance with the will of God. Other resource persons who contributed during the rally were Bishop Obiora Uzochukwu of Mbamili Diocese, a former State lawmaker, Sir Ejiofor Egwuatu, Venerable Arinze Anene, Mrs Chinelo Akuabata, Mr Raphael Okeke and Mr Frank Maduka. In their separate remarks, some of the participants including, Mr Prosper Ubah and Miss Grace Chukwu, thanked Bishop Okoye for the rally which they said has given them the courage to take charge of their lives. 
Traditional Ruler Of Umuoba Anam Igwe Ekwealor Urges Youths To Shun Social Vices
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-14 06:15:15CategoriesState The traditional ruler of Umuoba Anam, Anambra East Local Government Area, Igwe George Ekwealor, has appealed to Anambra youths to stay away from all forms of social vices.   Igwe Ekwealor who made the appeal at his palace in Umuoba Anam described Anambra youths, as one of the most intelligent and productive in Nigeria and appealed to them to always stay away from acts that can mar their future.   The monarch equally urged them not to allow unscrupulous politicians to use them to cause mayhem during the forthcoming Anambra governorship election.   According to Igwe Ekwealor, only educated, productive and vibrant youths are the future leaders of any society.   He called on Anambra youths to utilize Governor Willie Obiano's various policies and programmes geared towards the empowerment of the youths to be self-reliant.   On the incessant insecurity across the Country, especially the South East region, the Umuoba Anam monarch appealed to the youths to help both the State government and security agencies to safeguard the State for the overall good of every onye Anambra. 
ASHIA Executive Secretary Onyemaechi Urges Medical Providers To Sustain International Best Practices, Quality Service Delivery
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-14 06:13:21CategoriesState The Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi says health insurance scheme remains the surest way to achieve Universal Health Coverage.   Dr. Onyemaechi who disclosed this during a meeting with the Directors of the Agency’s medical providers in Awka, thanked the implementing medical providers for the mutual relationship that exists between them and the agency and noted that the meeting was to ensure that the quality of service their enrollees receive from the providers remains topnotch as well as be in line with the international best practices.   Dr. Onyemaechi who is also the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Health, revealed that the Agency has delisted some medical providers who engage in unethical conducts and sharp practices and warned that ASHIA will not hesitate to sanction any medical facility or provider that failed to discharge its duty as stipulated on the terms of agreement of service.   The ASHIA boss maintained that the main goal of the Agency is to serve Ndi Anambra and other residents of the State, quality health that is accessible and affordable, in the context of Governor Obiano’s vision of providing Ndi Anambra, healthcare system that is globally competitive.   Health correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that Dr. Onyemaechi also used the occasion to introduce the new "Anambra Mobile Health Insurance" which is the latest innovation from the agency to the medical providers. 
Commentary: Another Humane Disposition Of Anambra Government
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-13 07:24:27CategoriesColumnist It is indeed cheering to hear that Anambra State Government will pay the bills for the medical treatment of all the victims of the accident, which occurred on Friday, June 4, 2021, at the Akwata Junction in Awka when the driver of a truck filled with cows lost control of his vehicle and, in the process, killed eight persons and damaged some vehicles.
In a release, signed by Mr. C. Don Adinuba, Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment, Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State has directed a team of top government officials to ensure that the victims receive proper medical attention and, if necessary, take them to Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Awka, or any other hospital in the state for superior attention.
According to the statement, Governor Obiano has also directed the high-powered team to visit families of the deceased victims as well as the owner of the cattle involved in the accident, Mr. Cosmas Chibuike, of Umunnachi, Dunukofia Local Government Area, and condole with him for not only the death of the animals in the accident but also the later killing of some of the animals by the mob.
This is cheering, coming from a humane government, which has the interest of the masses as its fundamental priority. Mr. Chibuike has obviously suffered double tragedy.
There is no iota of doubt, however, that the Government and people of Anambra State abhor jungle justice and all manner of mob behavior. Such behavior has no place in any civilized environment. Like in every decent society, there are laid down procedures which aggrieved citizens and people take. Persons found guilty of irresponsible conduct in respect of the tragedy of last Friday will face the consequences of their action.
Coming from the Honourable Commissioner, Governor Obiano has, in addition, directed the high-powered team to visit the truck driver and any persons with him in the vehicle when the accident occurred, including Mr. Muhammed Ndaji from Taraba State who is receiving treatment in a top Orthorpaedic hospital in Awka.
Many cows in Anambra State are jointly owned by indigenes of the state and experts from the Northern part of the country in a business arrangement, popularly known as agbate ekee, which spells out, not just the ratio of ownership, but also the ratio of sharing of both profit and loss.
This business model has been in existence for several decades, and there are hardly complaints of cheating or fraud. This business relationship should be promoted in the interest of both parties as well as in the furtherance of national economic growth and unity.
It is, therefore, regrettable that certain unpatriotic elements have been using the social media to impute all manner of meaning into the accident of last Friday, capitalizing on the current frayed ethnic, sectional and religious nerves in the country to cause mind poisoning.
Without prejudice to the findings of the work of the panel, which will look into the causes of the accident, the tragedy has underlined the critical need for big truck owners and drivers to constantly check the state of their vehicles before they set out every day with them on the road. They must also adhere to road safety rules like speed limit, especially in towns, cities and other places with high populations and economic activity. Drivers should also avoid stimulants like alcohol and drug.
Ndi Anambra thank the Anambra State government, security officers, the Anambra State Fire Service officials, Anambra State Traffic Maintenance Agency as well as ordinary citizens who raced to the scene of the Akwata Junction accident and did their best to maintain law and order and take victims to different hospitals. Most Ndi Anambra always live up to the true meaning of our shared humanity and our shared values. God bless Anambra State, the Light of the Nation.
WRITTEN BY OBI OCHIJE 
Late Mrs Josephine Nnodu Laid To Rest At Uruagu Nnewi
AuthorUmeh ChimezieDate2021-06-13 07:20:25CategoriesState The remains of the Seventy three year old Mrs Josephine Nnodu of Akaboezem Uruagu Nnewi in Nnewi North Local Government Area   have been laid to rest at her compound, amidst testimonies. Chimezie Umeh reports that whole celebrating the mass in honour of the deceased, the officiating Priest Reverend Father  Ekenedirichukwu Ezeoke, the Parish Priest of Our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church Uruagu-Nnewi described the Late Mrs Nnodu as a woman filled with love, dedicated to the things of the Lord and  ever ready to give her all especially her voice to God.  Reverend Father Ezeoke consoled the family and asked them to take solace in the life well spent by their mother. The daughter of the deceased, Mrs Joyce Ubah who is a staff of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, described her mother as a virtuous woman that was contented with what she had and was filled with God's grace.  The sons of the deceased, Messers Okwudiri and Chikodiri  Nnodu described their mother as peaceful woman, praying God to grant her eternal rest. Staff of the Anambra Broadcasting Service led by the Director of News and Current Affairs, Mr Gab Okpalaeze commiserated with the family.  Condolence visits by relatives, friends and sympathizers featured at the ceremony. 
Workshop On Nigeria CARES Programme Holds In Awka
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-06-13 07:13:40CategoriesState Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus, Nigeria CARES, Programme will fully kick off in Anambra State on the first of next Month. The two-year programme, being executed by Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, World Bank- assisted is geared towards expanding access to livelihood support, food security services and grants for poor and vulnerable households and firms. Following this development, a-three-day sensitization workshop on Nigeria CARES programme result Area one, organized by the Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, for its Board of Directors, aimed at exposing them to the workings of the programme for effective service delivery has commenced in Awka.  Ebele Ezeh reports that while declaring the workshop open, the chairman of the Board, Igwe Roland Odegbo of Nteje said the workshop targets to equipping members of the Board with the requirements of the programme as government has high expectations from it. Igwe Odegbo, while reminding them of their functions of providing overall policy guidance to the management and staff of  Community and Social Development Agency as well as reviewing and approving the annual work plans and budgets among others, promised the management and staff of the agency, maximum security as they move around the state, discharging their duties. Presenting a paper titled, "Nigeria CARES Programme Result Area one", the General Manager, Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, Mr Chudi Mojekwu announced that the state will be leveraging on twenty million dollars from the programme designed to be executed by five agencies in the state including theirs.   According to Mr. Mojekwu, Nigeria CARES programme, which has four development objectives and Result Areas, will have their agency concentrate on result area one, which covers four sectors of Health, Education, Water sanitation and Nutrition. While emphasizing that nutrition sector targets under five years old, Mr. Mojekwu declared that they will adopt Rapid Result Approach, which is a result-focused learning process that is aimed at jump-starting major organizational change efforts and enhancing implementation capacity. A member of the Board, who is also the State Chairman, National Youth Council of Nigeria, Mr Samuel Egwuatu unveiled that through Nigeria CARES programme, youths, who are economically hit by the devastating effects of COVID-19, will be receiving monthly stipend from the menial jobs approved for them. Mr Egwuatu called on youths of Anambra State extraction to take advantage of the programme to better their lives and shun acts capable of marring their future. The workshop, which had in attendance, eleven of the thirteen members of the Board, featured a question and answer session. 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala Lauds NARD For Contributions To Healthcare System
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-13 07:04:19CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala has commended the contributions of the Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors for their commitment to healthcare service delivery in the Country. Dr Okpala gave the commendation during the Nigerian Association of Resident Doctors forty-first Ordinary General Meeting in Awka. The Commissioner noted that resident doctors are key to healthcare service delivery in the Country, urging them to remain committed to their efforts aimed at saving lives. According to Dr Okpala, the Obiano administration has done a lot in ensuring that the healthcare centres in Anambra State are of excellence. In his lecture entitled: ‘Improving the Quality of Care; Role of Resident Doctors, the Commissioner extolled the contributions of healthcare providers in the fight against COVID-19 pandemic. He explained that the pandemic provided a lot of opportunities for research and innovations that had repositioned the healthcare system for quality service delivery. Dr Okpala urged them to remain focused and expand their fields of knowledge and skills to meet emerging challenges in health One of the highlights of the event was the conferment of meritorious award on the Commissioner by the Association. 
Anambra NUJ Asks Politicians To Defend Democracy, National Unity
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-13 07:02:42CategoriesState The Nigeria Union of Journalists Anambra State council has called on politicians to be steadfast in the defence of the Nations Democracy and unity. The call is contained in a press statement on the Nation’s twenty-two years of uninterrupted democratic governance. The statement which was signed by the Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists in Anambra State, Mr Emmanuel Ifesinachi and Secretary Mr Emma Udegha urged Journalists to save Nigeria by refusing to give voice to those bent on destabilizing Nigeria. 
Ezewuzie Calls For Legislation To Create Seats For Persons With Disabilities In  National Assembly
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-13 07:00:15CategoriesState The Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Disability Matters Barrister, Chuks Ezewuzie, has called on the National Assembly to come up with a bill that will create seats for persons with disabilities in both Federal chambers.   Barrister Ezewuzie who made the call while addressing the House of Representatives Special Committee on the review of the 1999 Constitution, suggested an amendment to Section forty-eight, forty-nine and seventy-one of the 1999 Constitution as amended, to include thirty five million Nigerians living with disabilities in the parliamentary politics.   He commended the lawmakers for supporting a similar bill which seeks to create additional one hundred and eleven seats for women in both the upper and lower chambers.   The Special Adviser maintained that given persons living with disabilities the opportunity to be represented in the National Assembly, will give them a huge sense of belonging, as well as allow them to contribute their quota in the National development.   Barrister Ezewuzie commended Governor Willie Obiano for being the best disability friendly Governor in Nigeria, through his inclusiveness in governance and urged the Lawmakers and other Governors in Nigeria to emulate Governor Obiano’s humane disposition towards persons living with disabilities. 
Ahead Of Party Primaries, APGA Faithful In Ihiala Back Soludo's  Political Aspirations
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-06-13 06:56:29CategoriesPolitics State The All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, faithful in Ihiala Local Government Area, have endorsed Professor Chukwuma Soludo to become the party’s flag bearer, as the party goes into primary election towards the end of this month.   The party faithful made the endorsement when the former Central Bank Governor visited the people of the Council Area.   The event which witnessed massive turnout of party members attracted Government officials as well as traditional rulers of various communities in the Local Government.  In his opening remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman of Ihiala Local Government Area, Sir Jude Obi, eulogised Professor Soludo for his land mark achievements in the banking sector and assured him of the Local Government’s support.   The State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C. Don Adinuba, who is an indigene of Ihiala, described Professor Soludo as a man of humility, expressing optimism that he is going to consolidate on Governor Willie Obiano’s achievements and turn around the economic fortunes of Anambra State if given the opportunity.   For the Deputy Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Pascal Agbodike, they decided to endorse Professor Soludo based on the remarkable role he played in the upliftment of the Nigeria’s economy through his wealth of experience, when he was the CBN Governor and commended the Royal fathers of Ihiala council area for their blessings and support to Professor Soludo.   In their separate speeches, the Ihiala local government APGA Chairman, Mr Gozie Chukwu, the Deputy National Coordinator, Soludo Support Group, Mr Barth Awugosi and the Chairman All Soludo Support Group, Mr Chinedu Nwoye, expressed optimism that Professor Soludo if given the mandate will transform Anambra State.   In his response, Professor Soludo who expressed joy at the massive turnout of party faithful, said the aim of his visit was to consult and solicit support of the party delegates. He assured the people of the area that he will consolidate on Governor Obiano's achievement if elected and made it clear that November sixth governorship election will determine the survival of the party in Anambra State. 
Today Is International Albinism Awareness Day
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-13 06:53:21CategoriesState International Albinism  Day is observed on June thirteenth every year to highlight the rights of those born with albinism and increase awareness of the genetic condition.   The physical appearance of those with albinism is often conflated with erroneous beliefs and myths, influenced by superstition that increases the marginalisation and social exclusion, leading to stigma and discrimination of people born with albinism.   Killings, attacks, bullying and discrimination continue against people with albinism.   The day equally serves as a reminder that people with albinism continue to defy odds, overcome hurdles and face injustice with resilience and as well, celebrate achievements and successes of individuals with albinism worldwide.   Albinism is a rare disease, characterised by lack of melanin pigment in skin, hair and eyes.   Those with albinism are vulnerable to sun exposure, which increases chances of skin cancer and severe visual impairment.   One out of every seventeen thousand people across the world have albinism.   The theme for this year’s celebration is “strength beyond all odds”. 
NDLEA Intercepts 146.95Kg Of Khat At Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-13 06:49:42CategoriesState The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, says its operatives at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, have seized nine cartons of khat, weighing one hundred and forty-six-point-nine-five kilograms at the cargo wing of the airport.   A statement signed by the Director Media and Advocacy, NDLEA Headquarters, Abuja, Mr Femi Babafemi, said the consignment packaged as dried green tea was shipped from Addis Ababa, on board Ethiopian airline.   According to the statement, after initial examination and suspicion, a clearing agent was asked to report with the consignee before the release, but failed to do so for fear of arrest, a development that led to a laboratory test on the consignment, which tested positive to khat and the eventual seizure.   Similarly, about one hundred thousand bottles of codeine syrup with a total weight of fifteen thousand, three hundred and twenty five kilograms, have been intercepted and seized by the NDLEA, at the Onne seaport, Port Harcourt, Rivers state.  Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that the seizure followed an intelligence received by the agency, as a result of which the container was put on hold and moved to the Customs Government warehouse within the port complex.   No importer or agent has however come forward in respect of the container but efforts are ongoing to track the owner for further investigation and prosecution.   Reacting to the development, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NDLEA, Retired Brigadier Mohamed Buba Marwa, hailed the synergy among various government agencies at the Onne port and urged them not to rest on their oars as they work hard daily to keep Nigeria safe. 
Anaku - Omor Boundary Dispute: Panel Meets With Those That Submitted Memoranda Wednesday This Week
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-13 06:45:42CategoriesState Individuals  and groups, who submitted memoranda to the Panel of Inquiry on Anaku and Omor Boundary Dispute, have been advised to meet with the panel on Wednesday, sixteenth June, 2021.   A statement signed by the Secretary of the panel, Mrs Chinyere Nwabachili, says the meeting will be at the Conference Hall of the Office of the Secretary to the State Government, Government House, Awka, by eleven O' clock in the morning of same Wednesday.   According to the statement, those who wish to get further information should contact the panel secretary, Mrs Nwabachili, on phone number, 080 367 532 08. 
Buhari Appoints Balarabe Ilelah DG NBC
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-12 07:30:02CategoriesNigeria President Muhammadu Buhari has appointed Mr. Balarabe Shehu Ilelah, a veteran broadcaster, as the Director-General of the National Broadcasting Commission.   The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, announced the appointment in a statement issued in Abuja.   According to Alhaji Mohammed, Mr. Ilelah's appointment is for a tenure of five years in the first instance. 
2021 Anambra Guber: APGA State Chairman Obi Reassures Of Free, Fair Primaries
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-12 07:28:21CategoriesState Anambra State Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Sir Nobert Obi, has reassured the party's Governorship aspirants of free, fair and credible primary election.   Sir Nobert who gave the assurance in Awka, said that the party is putting all necessary measures in place to provide level playing ground for all aspirants to contest.   Correspondent, Paul Ezeoke reports that Sir Nobert who expressed satisfaction with the conducts of the aspirants so far, explained that the party is known over the years for its internal democracy, which gives all the members a sense of belonging and builds people's confidence and trust in the party.   He said the party's primary election processes is anchored on electoral guidelines to promote transparency and expressed confidence that the party will eventually elect a credible flag bearer with requisite knowledge, experience and competence to consolidate on remarkable achievements of Governor Willie Obiano's Administration.   The APGA state Chairman maintained that the party has continued to justify the confidence reposed in it by the people, through the promotion of democratic principles and good governance.   Also speaking, a political analyst, Mr Martin Orji, urged the political class to uphold the spirit of sportsmanship and avoid acts capable of overheating the polity, and urged the Independent National Electoral Commission to be alive to its responsibilities as an unbiased umpire. 
Anambra  Basic Education Commissioner Omenugha Lauds Project Umuchu Future Icons
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2021-06-12 07:26:02CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha has charged students from Umuchu community to have educational goals and see nothing as a barrier to achieving their set goals.   Professor Omenugha made this charge when she received the Project Umuchu Future Icons, at her office in Awka.  Correspondent, Chidinma Ikeanyionwu was there and reports that education is the social institution through which society provides its members with important knowledge, basic facts, job skills, and cultural norms.   Shouting nothing is impossible, failure is not for me, I can do all things and yes I can! alongside the students during an interactive session, Commissioner Omenugha called on them to be the icons they proclaimed and noted that Project Umuchu Future Icons templates will be made compulsory in the state for other communities to emulate.  On his part, the convener of the Project Umuchu Future Icons, Mr Chibueze Ofobuike, explained that the project is one where students who were selected from six different schools in Umuchu are given mentorship in writing, oratory, basic sciences and general knowledge, with the aim of creating a competitive mindset among them.   Mr Ofobuike noted that it is also an avenue of improving the students' intellectual capacity, thereby reducing social vices such as cultism, drug abuse and truancy in schools.  In a vote of thanks, Miss Ogochukwu Ezeanyim, who is also part of the Umuchu Project Icons team, appreciated the Basic Education Commissioner for all the works she has done in the ministry.   The Commissioner later moved round the ministry showcasing some of the Anambra State education icons to the students. 
Anambra  Basic Education  Ministry Releases 2020/2021 Special Academic Calendar For Riverine, Flood-Prone Areas
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-12 07:22:51CategoriesState Anambra state Ministry of Basic Education has released the 2020/2021 special academic calendar for riverine and flood prone areas in the state. A release signed by the Permanent Secretary of the ministry, Barrister Nwando Obiano, stated that the affected areas would have a five day break from 26th to 30th July 2021, while academic activities for the first half of the first term would take place between 2nd August to 10th September, 2021. The long vacation starts on 13th September and ends on 29th October, 2021 The release further stated that the 2nd half of the first term would begin on 2nd November 2021 and end on 17th December 2021. Schools in the riverine and flood prone areas would join other schools in the state for the Christmas vacation from 18th of December to first January 2022 
ROLAC Calls For Collective Action To Promote Justice Sector Reform
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-12 07:20:49CategoriesState The Rule of law and Anti-Corruption, ROLAC, has called for a collective action to sustain programmes in Justice Sector Reform. Speaking during a step down training workshop on fund raising, after the exit of ROLAC, by Anambra state Justice Sector Reform team in Awka, the ROLAC monitor person, Mrs Josephine Ani stressed the need to source for sponsors that would ensure continuity in the justice reform recorded so far in the state. She called on the team to complete all ongoing projects and present them to the State government to see and access achievements of the organisations. In his remark, the Chairman of the Justice Sector Reform, Justice Peter Obiora, thanked the trainers for stepping down the knowledge they acquired from a workshop they attended recently. Earlier in a paper presentation, a resource person, Dr Mike Anyadiegwu, advocates multi-reform initiatives after the  exit of ROLAC and identified lack of adequate funding, as part of key challenges facing the justice reform programme, adding that it is critical to engage in fund raising to sustain and strengthen the programme. 
Southeast Governors, Stakeholders Hold Security Meeting  With FG  Delegation In Enugu
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-12 07:18:40CategoriesState Another round of Southeast Security Council Meeting has ended in Enugu with a call on leaders at all levels to desist from subtle attempts to speak the nation into avoidable crisis.  Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, represented by his Deputy, Dr. Nkem Okeke, attended the Security meeting held at the Enugu State Government House, Enugu, which also had in attendance, Governors of the Southeast States, service Chiefs, including former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekweremmadu, former Chief of Army Staff, General Azubike Ihejirika, Traditional and Religious leaders, among other stakeholders.  Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that while addressing journalists after the meeting which lasted for hours, the Chairman of Southeast Governor’s Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Engineer Dave Umahi, condemned exchange of inflammatory comments, killing of innocent citizens, attacks on security operatives, as well as destruction of public infrastructures in the Southeast region.   He restated the ban on open grazing in the region, which is fueling insecurity in the nation, including the Southeast, adding that Ebubeagu is the only local security outfit recognised in the region, and that the position of the region, which is in line with that of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, will be articulated at a meeting scheduled for the nineteenth of June.  The meeting equally restated commitment to unity and stability of the Country anchored on fairness, justice, equality of freedom, and called for proper and meaningful engagement of the teeming youth populace to address restiveness.   Responding, the leader of the Federal Government delegation and Minister for Defence, Retired Major-General Bashir Magashi, said the Buhari-led administration is committed to addressing instability and other forms of criminality bedeviling the nation and the region in particular, and thanked Southeast leaders for their efforts in that regard.  The Minister, who promised to bring the issue of marginalisation reechoed in the meeting to the attention of the President, urged stakeholders in the region to encourage Community Policing as the Southwest did with the Amotekun regional security outfit.   The Chief of Army Staff, Major-General Farouk Yahaya, was equally part of the Federal Government delegation at the meeting. 
Commentary: Two Years Anniversary Of The Seventh Anambra State House Of Assembly
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-06-12 07:14:41CategoriesColumnist On Friday, June 12, 2019, exactly two years ago, the seventh Anambra State House of Assembly was inaugurated. Right Honourable Uche Okafor, a Political Scientist and consummate politician, was elected as the Speaker and head of the legislative Arm of the Government of Anambra State during the inaugural sitting of the House.
In his inaugural speech, the Speaker made a firm promise that the 7th Anambra State House of Assembly under his watch would rekindle the hope of Ndi Anambra in the legislature through enactment and passage of quality laws and resolutions that would guarantee rapid development of the state and provide a better life for the citizenry.
Notwithstanding the obvious economic, security and health challenges in the country under the two years of their inauguration, the lawmakers have withered the storm and made giant strides in their legislative business.
The positive impact made by the 7th State Assembly in resolving turbulent conflicts across the State through the House Committee on Public Petitions and Conflict Resolutions headed by Hon. Emeka Aforka is worthy of commendation. The Assembly has, within its two years of legislative business, considered and resolved over one hundred petitions from individuals, corporate bodies and communities as well as government organs.
Furthermore, the present legislature played great role in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic in the State. The State Assembly was the first legislative House in the country to pass a bill on the prevention and control of COVID-19 Pandemic. The Speaker, Rt. Hon. Okafor, immediately after the passage of the Bill, inaugurated the House of Assembly Taskforce on COVID-19 with the Deputy Speaker, Dr. Paschal Agbodike, as the Chairman. The committee worked tirelessly to ensure total compliance with the Government directives on COVID-19 preventive measures and protocol.
Similarly, during the #ENDSARS Protest, the Speaker, on October 23, 2020, held a World Press Conference at the State Legislative Complex, Awka with all the thirty lawmakers, Clerk of the House, Government Officials as well as other stake holders in the State in attendance. There the State Legislature unanimously called for the restructuring of the Nigeria Police Force to end police brutality in the country.
In the area of lawmaking and taking popular stand on state issues, the 7th State House of Assembly has achieved much. The enacted laws and resolutions of the House are structured to address the socio-economic needs of Ndi Anambra as well as the overall development of the state. Over forty Bills and people-oriented resolutions were passed by the lawmakers within their two years in office.
The Bills passed include: the Anambra State Riverine Areas Development Bill; Anambra State Information and Communication Technology Bill; 2021 Appropriation Bill; Anambra State Agency for Erosion, Watershed and Climate Change Bill and Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital Establishment Amendment Bill.
Others are: the Anambra State Youths and Sports Development Bill; Anambra State Clear Drainage, Forest Preservation, Agency Establishment Bill; Public Finance Bill, COVID-19 and other Dangerous Disease Prevention and Eradication Bill and Anambra Assembly Legislative Fund Management Bill.
The present legislature under the Speaker, Rt. Hon. Uche Okafor, has been adjudged by many to be the most peaceful and successful in the country. This rating must have taken into consideration the pedigree of the lawmakers as well as the concrete achievements they have recorded within the past two years. The legislators have maintained obvious transparency, prudence, hard work and competence in the discharge of their duties, evident in the massive constituency projects they have built in their various constituencies.
As we applaud the members of the 7th Anambra State House of Assembly for the achievements so far, it is the hope of Ndi Anambra that they will not rest on their oars but rather, that they will continue to legislate and take other ancillary legislative actions that will accelerate the peace, progress and development of the State.
ABS Holds Special Radio Programme To Mark One Year Transition Of Late Anthony Enukeme
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-12 07:10:38CategoriesState A special Programme was held yesterday on ABS Radio to mark the one year transition of the founder of Tonimas Nigeria Limited Dr Anthony Enukeme Onowu Neni. The programme Tonimas half hour recognized the Sterling legacies of the departed business executive who made the programme Tonimas half hour possible on both ABS Radio and Television for the past twenty-two years and still counting. Speaking on the programme Sir Toochukwu Muomah of the Tonimas firm while commnending the contributions of the Late Dr Enukeme to the development of the energy sector called on the government to give him the deserved recognition. Sir Toochukwu while enumerating the contributions of the Late Dr Anthony Enukeme to industrial growth of the Nigerian-Nation said that the Late Industrialist single handedly rehabilitated and tarred many roads in Neni Community. Contributing to the programme Chief Paul Enidom who hails from Neni said that the Late Dr Enukeme was a genius who used his God given wealth to touch lives and called on others to emulate. 
WHO Initiates More Measures To Improve  Child Nutrition In Anambra State
AuthorAmarachukwu OkaforDate2021-06-12 07:08:09CategoriesState Committed to strengthening Primary Healthcare system in the hinterland, the World Health Organization, has taken more steps to address the issue of malnutrition. The event which took place in Awka attracted major players in the Health sector to brainstorm on the status of the State Primary Healthcare system with a view to restructuring to achieve more proactive road map at improving the health needs of the rural dwellers.  Correspondent, Amarachukwu Okafor reports that the aim of World Health Organization under this programme is to enhance the health system by building capacity for data analysis and estimation of health expenditure patterns. A team of health workers had earlier been sent to monitor and analyze the nutrition system of the Primary Healthcare centers in all the communities in the State by the World Health Organization to aid the Organization in strategizing ways of strengthening and achieving universal health coverage and improved health outcomes through improved data analysis and information dissemination.  Speaking to the ABS, the Director of Planning, Research and Statistics in Anambra State Ministry of Health, Mrs Edith Nwachukwu, said there is need to address the problem of malnutrition in children with data backed decision making processes. She commended the State Government for their support and appreciated the participants for their efforts, saying that the event is organized to capture all malnourished children in the state and help in improving their wellbeing. Speaking on the essence of the meeting, the State Nutrition Officer, Mrs Uzoamaka Eriken said that at end of the meeting, all abnormalities will be identified with a view to addressing the nutrition problems in the State health facilities. In  separate interviews, a participant working with Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Mr Chike Obi and a Nutritionist in a Primary Healthcare Centre, Miss Chiamaka Anigbogu advised  health care centres to take nutrition seriously. They also thanked the Commissioner of Health and the World Health Organization through its partners for their tireless efforts towards modernization of the State Primary Health Care centres. 
Group Demands  Recognition Of Kanayo Okoye As New Traditional Ruler Of Umuoji Community Idemili North Council Area, Takes Protest  To Anambra Govt House Awka
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-12 07:04:20CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has called on various communities across the State to make communal living and peaceful coexistence their watchword. The governor spoke through the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, when he received at the Government House, Awka a protesting group from Umuoji community in Idemili North Local Government Area. Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the community had come to protest what they said is the reversal of the wishes of Umuoji people at their recently conducted election into the Community’s traditional stool.  Governor Obiano commended the people for their peaceful conduct, and assured them that the State government will investigate their allegations, and take appropriate actions. The protesters who were from the twenty-three villages of the community, and also with village Heads and members of  Igwe-In-Council are demanding for the issuance of certificate of recognition to Chief Kanayo Okoye who they all claim won the Igweship election organized by the state government for the town on eighth May, 2021.  During the exercise, the protesters were seen with placards with inscriptions like; "Igwe Umuoji is not for sale", " Umuoji want Chief Kanayo Okoye",” Umuoji demands Kanayo as the Traditional Ruler among others. According to the Leader of the team, Chief Tochukwu Mmodu, during the May eighth election in the community, majority of Umuoji people voted for Chief Kanayo Okoye, which made him to win the election, but expressed displeasure with the action of a member of the community whom they allege connived with some others to impose another person on the community as their Traditional Ruler. Chief Mmodu who described the action as unacceptable by the people of Umuoji community, appealed for immediate intervention of Anambra state government on the matter.  Contributing, the former President General of Umuoji community, Chief Gab Mbanefo and another stakeholder in the town, Chief Ifeanyi Efobi while saying that Umuoji Traditional stool is not for sale, described imposition of traditional ruler on communities as a taboo in Igbo land, pointing out that Umuoji community is too big to be so treated. 
Amawbia Community Enrolls 100  Beneficiaries Into Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-12 07:00:44CategoriesHealth State One hundred beneficiaries from Amawbia community in Awka South Local Government Area have been enrolled into the Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme. The beneficiaries were selected from the six villages of the community and are made of up under- privileged men and women. Our man Paul Ezeoke filed the reports that the enrollment took place at the Amawbia Town Hall. Addressing the beneficiaries, the Executive Secretary of Anambra State Health Insurance Agency ASHIA Dr Simeon Onyemaechi explained that the scheme will enable them to access quality health care services at any selected health facility of their choice at very little cost.  Dr Onyemechi made clear that beneficiaries with ASHIA identity card should not pay consultancy or registration fees of any kind and should not also pay for laboratory services to diagnose their type of ailments while ASHIA also covers fifteen days of admission in hospital and twenty-one days in surgery related admissions. He said Anambra State Health Insurance Agency does not cover Cancer related ailments while the Agency would help to link beneficiaries to hospitals where they could access treatment for illnesses not covered in the policy at reduced cost. Dr Onyemechi expressed satisfaction that the Anambra State Health Insurance Agency adoption model where privileged individuals pay for under privileged individuals is presently being emulated by many States including Oyo, Osun, Nasarawa, Delta and other states while the National Health Insurance Administration Bill before the National Assembly contains the adoption model as a method of getting informal sector to participate actively in the scheme.  In her remarks the Co-ordinator of the programme in the community, Mrs. Rita Chike Odumodu said the leaders of the various villages and other stakeholders helped to select indigent members of the community for the scheme. In their separate reactions some of the beneficiaries including Mrs Grace Onwuzuigbo and Mr Kanayo Okolo thanked the State Government for the initiative which they said is impacting positively on lives of the people. 
Commentary: Another Exemplary Conducts By The Obianos
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-11 06:50:42CategoriesColumnist No doubt, charity runs in the blood of the Obianos. Few days ago, Governor Willie Obiano announced that Anambra State Government would pay the bills for the medical treatment of all the victims of the accident, which occurred on Friday, June 4, 2021, at the Akwata Junction in Awka when the driver of a truck filled with cows lost control and killed many persons and damaged some vehicles. His wife, Osodieme, almost the same period, empowered persons trained by CAFE, under different skill-based vocations.
The three hundred persons, mostly indigent women, widows, youths and the physically challenged, had undergone a five-week intensive training at the Chike Okoli Centre for Entrepreneurship Studies, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka. They were trained on Hairdressing and Beauty Therapy; Bead Making; Soap Making; Bakery and Confectionery; Tailoring and Fashion Design; Information and Communication Technology, among others. The 300 persons went home with start-up tools and capital for each of their designated skill areas and cash to ferry their equipment home.
 
It is a thing of joy that Chief Dr. Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, despite the current economic downturn, orchestrated by COVID-19 pandemic, which has made both training and empowerment costlier, her NGO, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ), has continued to empower the down trodden in the society, which, according to her, is to give the beneficiaries a practical starting point.
No doubt, the governor’s wife has exhibited a lifetime charity example. Osodieme’s penchant for benevolence is a show of passion; the gesture is a socio-economic liberation with expectation. The biggest life’s investment is equipping humanity to cater for itself independently, a vision the governor’s wife has lived for.
The current beneficiaries, the twelfth batch, bring the number of persons trained and empowered so far by CAFÉ to five thousand five hundred.
Osodieme, like Mother Theresa, is a woman who ascended to mountaintops, found the loftiest peaks, most wrapped in clouds and snow; she then found the surpassed and subdued mankind and looked down on the hate of those below. Thus, by her NGO, Dr Mrs Obiano has built many brand new bungalows, equipped with bedding, furniture, bore holes, with over-head tanks and generators and handed over to indigent widows across Anambra State.
Founded on the wings of passion for helping the needy, CAFÉ has, so far, etched its name in gold in the pantheon of charitable organizations. Driven by an unusual compassion and belief in the remarkable thoughts of John Bunyan’s in The Pilgrim’s Progress: “You have not lived today, until  you have done something for someone who can never repay you,” Osodieme has used the CAFÉ platform to expand the frontiers of charitable giving like never seen before in these paths.
Mama Anambra has promoted hygiene and the dignity of women with campaign to stop Open Defecation and has constructed several modern public toilets in markets across the State. Also, Osodieme has completed many water borehole projects to complement government efforts in water supply and hygiene.
In fact, the positive impact of the water projects attracted global recognitions and partnerships with reputable organizations to CAFE and appreciations of Dr. Mrs. Obiano’s charitable initiatives with conferment of awards as EU/UNICEF Water Health and Sanitation (WASH) Ambassador, as well as United Nations Peace Ambassador.
Furthermore, Osodieme has facilitated free corrective surgeries for over 200 children and persons with congenital mouth disorders of Cleft lip and Cleft palate. In recognition of her selfless services through CAFÉ to cleft care, Mrs Obiano was made Smile Train Ambassador. CAFÉ has also provided over 3,000 physically challenged persons with prosthetic limbs and mobility aides.
In collaboration with the state Ministry of Women and Children Affairs, CAFÉ has successfully treated and repatriated back home over 120 cases of mentally challenged persons at its 77-bed facility at Nteje, thus ridding Anambra streets of stray mentally challenged persons. These and more, stand out Chief Dr Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, Osodieme as the Mother Theresa of our Time. Osodieme, Mama Anambra Daalu olu ooo!
WRITTEN BY BARR. CHUKS EZEWUZIE 
Commentary: Mass Communication Department, UNIZIK At 25
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-11 06:46:26CategoriesColumnist It is with a heart full of joy that the staff, Alumni and students of the Department of Mass Communication, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka is celebrating the 25th anniversary of their Department today. Mass Communication Department, UNIZIK was created as a unit under the Department of Sociology in the Faculty of Social Sciences in 1992 by the then Vice Chancellor, Prof. Festus Nwako, following the proposal by Mr. Godson Okafor, now Professor, of the then Sociology Department.
Mr. Anthony Uzochukwu John-Kamen (now late), an England-trained Artist and Communication Expert, was appointed to nurture the nascent Mass Communication programme in UNIZIK. Thus, Mr. John-Kamen and Mr. Okafor were the pioneer staff of the unit, while Mr. Uche Ebeze (now Professor), Dr Chinyere Stella Okunna (now Professor) and Mr. Obi Eboh (now Late) later joined as lecturers in the Mass communication unit.
By 1996, Mass Communication unit became an independent Department with Mr. John Kamen as the first Head of Department. Subsequent Heads of the Department were Prof Chinyere Okunna; Prof Kate Omenugha Prof Ifeoma Dunu; Prof Chinyere Okunna again; Uche Ebeze and Prof Chinwe Uzochukwu.
Meanwhile, at the birth of Mass communication Department in 1996, the students formed their Students’ Union Departmental body as the Association of Mass Communication Students (ASOMACS) with. Mr. Nnaemeka Aginam elected as the pioneer president. The Association, no doubt, has continued to provide a veritable platform for socialization and leadership training for the students.
However, the nascent Mass Communication Department suffered such teething problems as poor infrastructure, shortage of staff, lack of space, including offices and classrooms for lectures, with no studios for practicals, save for a dark room where analogue photos were developed.
Happily, by 2006, Prof. Okunna attracted an endowment of a new complex to house the Department of Mass Communication, donated by Senator Andy Ubah. In 2007, the Department moved into a befitting one-story building known as Chief Phillip Ubah Mass Communication Complex, located adjacent to the Faculty of Management Sciences building near the university library.
The Department passed through series of interim accreditations from the National University Commission, earning its first full accreditation in 2007. Today, the Department boasts of a vibrant campus radio station, which also serves as a broadcast training facility, licensed in 2007. It became the best campus radio in Nigeria in 2003.
The ever growing Mass Communication Department, UNIZIK also has more learning facilities, such as Public Relations & Advertising Laboratory, Newsroom, a well-equipped library with the annual production of a training newspaper and magazine, known as UNIZIK COMET, first published in November 1996, with Mr. Carl Ofonye as the first Editor-in-Chief and Prof Okunna as the first staff editor.
The staff strength of the Department has also received a tremendous boost with seven Professors, including the first female Professor of Mass Communication in the Sub-Saharan Africa, Prof. Stella Okunna and a host of Ph.D holders. The Department, no doubt, has produced many eminent scholars, practitioners and outstanding graduates since 1997.
Some of its graduates doing very well in different walks of life are Prof. Nnamdi Ekeanyanwu, an eminent communication scholar of international standing and the President, African Council for Communication Education; Mr. Nnaemeka Aginam, first Online Editor of Vanguard Newspaper; among many others. The Department, which floated its first post graduate programme in 1999, has also graduated many sets of masters and Ph.D Candidates since 2002.
The Silver Jubilee also features the maiden Alumni homecoming and public presentation of the Silver Jubilee edition of UNIZIK COMET Magazine, under the Chairmanship of Ifeanyi Mbanefo, as Governor Willie Obiano, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Prof Kate Omenugha, among other top government functionaries are expected to grace the event. The Vice Chancellor, Prof Charles Esimone, will be the Chief Host. The event holds today at the ASUU secretariat. Please celebrate with us.
WRITTEN BY PROF. CHINWE UZOCHUKWU 
NPC Commences Field Work For First Pre-test For Census
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-06-11 06:43:09CategoriesState The National Population Commission, NPC, has announced the commencement of field work for the first pre-test for population and housing census in Anambra State. The chairman, National Population Commission, Honourable Nasir Kwarra made the announcement in Awka, while briefing the press on the commission's readiness for the exercise.  Correspondent, Blessing Uchendu reports that while speaking at the briefing , Mr. Kwarra, who spoke through the Federal Commissioner of the NPC in Anambra State, Mr. Chidi Ezeoke said in order to effectively enumerate all Nigerians within a reasonable period, it is imperative to divide the whole land mass into small units for easy coverage by a team of enumerators during census enumeration. He said the exercise is aimed at testing the census methodology, the questionnaire and data collection methods, the manuals for the field staff, instruction manuals, data editing and coding, data processing and tabulation in preparation for the actual census. The NPC chairman listed Awka South, Ekwusigo and Dunukofia  Council Areas where the pre-test exercise would be conducted in Anambra State including towns under them, which include Okpuno, Awka, Ichi, Ozubulu, Ukwulu and Ifitedunu.  He also stated that the objectives of the exercise are among other things, to assess the quality of Enumerations Area maps already created, understand the demographic and geographic changes that occurred in the Enumeration Areas between 2016-2018 and their implications for census enumeration as well as to assess the educational and other qualifications of potential census enumerators and logistical support from both the states and local government areas. While cautioning that the pre-test is not the actual census but a mirror, which the commission would look at for its readiness for the main exercise, Honourable Kwarra appealed to respondents from the selected local government areas and EAs to give maximum support to the interviewers and answer all questions truthfully, assuring that all information tendered would be treated with utmost confidentiality. 
Experts Ask Farmers To Plant Early To Escape Menace Of Flooding
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-06-11 06:40:50CategoriesState Dr Alex Ekwueme square Awka was  filled to capacity as farmers from the twenty-one local government areas of the state, development partners, service providers, agro dealers and government functionaries among others gathered for the official inauguration of the 2021 farming season. The event, inaugurated by Governor Willie Obiano, had in display different types of Agric produce by the council areas based on their comparative advantage, inputs by intervention groups, fertilizers and agro chemicals by agro dealers.  Ebele Ezeh reports that  this year’s inauguration of the farming season also served as an avenue for some agric intervention programmes, farmers groups and association to flag off their inputs disbursement. t Speaking at the event,,the state Programme Coordinator, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Nnamdi Agwuncha, who  regretted that COVID-19, insecurity and activities of herdsmen posed a big threat to food security, called for all hands to be on deck to conquer the challenges. Mr. Agwuncha while applauding Governor Willie Obiano on his bold step of encouraging and supporting Anambra State farmers, advised farmers to plant early to avoid flooding. He also advised them to insure their farms against disasters and embrace dry season farming. Speaking on measures to mitigate post-harvest losses, Mr. Agwuncha listed increased construction of processing centers, establishment of solar dryers, aggregation centers for storage and processing mills among others as some of the measures already put in place to avoid post-harvest losses. Contributing, the state Business and Market Development officer, FGN/IFAD VCDP Mr. James Mozie noted that they have already established strong linkage between off takers and producers accompanied with aggressive sensitization of farmers, which according to him has given birth to chain financing and buy back. Mr. Mozie made it clear that off takers now go to primary producers for their agricultural produce even as he gave credence to the state government for the continued and timely payment of their cash counterpart contributions. 
2021 Anambra Guber: Ọhaneze Ndigbo Reaffirms Stand On Zoning
AuthorUmeh ChimezieDate2021-06-11 06:38:12CategoriesState Ohanaeze Ndigbo has reaffirmed its stand on the political zoning arrangement of gubernatorial position of Anambra State restating its support that Anambra South Senatorial District should produce the next governor of the state. Correspondent, Chimezie Umeh reports that the Igbo apex socio-cultural group, which represents all Igbo Communities at home and in the diaspora, made the reaffirmation at a town hall meeting it organized at Anaedo Hall Nnewi.  The National Vice President, Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene in his speech reminded citizens of the accord reached at a summit held in 2017, where they unanimously agreed that the state governorship elections will be zoned. While stressing that zoning will entrench equity and harmony in the state, Chief Okeke-Ogene urged governorship aspirants to embrace the spirit of sportsmanship to enable free, fair and credible election. He commended Governor Willie Obiano for his cooperation and commitment to bettering the lots of Ndi Anambra and sticking to zoning arrangement. Speaking, the state President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Prince Emeka Udodeme highlighted the need for zoning, which he said will certainly reduce the cost of electioneering in the state.  Some of the aspirants, who spoke to the press immediately after the meeting, including Chief Rommy Okoli of the All Progressive Grand Alliance, APGA, and Lady Chidi Onyemelukwe of the  People Democratic Party, PDP,  thanked Ohaneze Ndigbo for standing firm on the zoning formula, which according to them, will bring harmony to the state. Present during the meeting were the first female governor of Anambra State, Dame Virgy Etiaba and governorship aspirants from all the political parties in the state. Also, traditional rulers from Anambra South Senatorial District, led by Igwe Kenneth Orizu of Nnewi, who is also the grand patron, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, executive members of Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU, towns union executives, community stakeholders were also present at the meeting. 
Anambra Guber: APGA Aspirants Hopeful After Screening At Party National Secretariat Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-11 06:30:55CategoriesNigeria Politics State Aspirants under the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, have expressed hope of a free and fair primary election, after their screening exercise at the Party's Secretariat in Abuja. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that the atmosphere at the APGA national Secretariat was tense, as the aspirants awaited the outcome of the screening exercise.  Nine aspirants who arrived APGA Secretariat for the screening exercise said they are hopeful that they will emerge successful. Some of the aspirants who spoke to the ABS, including Professor Charles Soludo, Honourables Chukwuma Umeoji and Okwudili Ezenwankwo, pledged unalloyed support to the party irrespective of the outcome of its primary election, which they said must be hinged on transparency.  They agreed that what matters is the victory of the party at the election and not their personal desires, as they are all qualified and capable of continuing the good work already started by the Obiano-led administration.  It will however be noted that only successful aspirants from the screening exercise will participate in the party's primary election billed for twenty eight June, in Awka, the Anambra state capital. 
FG Declares Monday June 14 Public Holiday To Mark Democracy Day
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-11 06:25:22CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government has declared Monday, June 14 as a public holiday to mark this year’s Democracy Day. The Federal Government also warned against agitations capable of threatening the peace of the country. Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who stated this in a statement by the Ministry’s Permanent Secretary, Shuaib Belgore, urged Nigerians to embrace the spirit of brotherliness for peace to thrive in the nation. He called on the citizens to support the Buhari-led administration in its efforts at ensuring a united and prosperous nation, adding that no development can take place in an acrimonious environment. 
COVID -19: Obiano Flags Off National Youth Volunteer Programme For Hand Washing, Clean Nigeria Campaign
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-06-11 06:23:54CategoriesHealth State Governor Willie Obiano has flagged off the national youth volunteer Programme for hand washing and clean Nigeria campaign for Coronavirus (COVID-19) prevention in Anambra State.   Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that Governor Obiano performed the exercise at the Conference Hall, Ministry of Public Utilities, at an event organized by the Ministry in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of Water Resources.   The Governor, who was represented by the Commissioner for Public Utilities, Engineer Emeka Ezenwanne, explained that the programme, which will engage over two thousand youths as sanitation and hygiene ambassadors round the State for three months, will centre on the importance of safe water, sanitation, hygiene (WASH) practices for COVID-19 prevention in the State.   Governor Obiano recalled that on the 31st of March this year, a team from the Federal Ministry of Water Resources and National Taskforce on hygiene, after their work in Anambra East Local Government Area, declared the area open defecation-free, which made it the only local government in the entire South East that is free of open defecation.   He commended the Federal Ministry of Water Resources for recognizing the fact that he has declared a state of emergency on WASH, assuring that he is committed to ensuring that all the local governments in the State are free of open defecation.   In his address, the Minister of Water Resources, Engineer Suleiman Adamu, represented by Mrs. Chinyere Obiano, revealed that the National Youth Volunteer Programme is one of the interventions of the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of Water Resources, to curb the COVID-19 pandemic.   Engineer Adamu said that it will involve the engagement of one hundred youth volunteers in each of the seven hundred and seventy-four local government areas across the country, for community sensitization and awareness creation on safe water, sanitation and hygiene practices for COVID-19 prevention over a three months period. On her part, the UNICEF WASH Manager, Mammita Thakkar said the Programme marks a major step towards running WASH at the centre stage of COVID-19 response, with hand washing and hygiene as the pillars.  She maintained that UNICEF will partner the State government to build capacities and skills of the volunteers on water and sanitation, social mobilization techniques, hygiene promotion approaches, to ensure that they deliver on their core mandate.   In her goodwill message, the Chairman of Havilah Clean Environmental Foundation, a consultant for the programme, Pastor Gbemiga Olakunle represented by Mrs. Ugochi Freeman observed that government expenditures on public health issues, especially in combating COVID-19 and its spread will be drastically reduced if due attention is paid for the prevention of the outbreak of such diseases by maintaining clean environment through proper advocacy and enlightenment campaigns.   On his part, the Traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka, assured that he will continue to drive the campaign on the importance of hygiene in his community to curb Coronavirus pandemic.   In a vote of thanks, Mr. Emeka Anigbogu, who represented youths on the occasion, promised that they will be good ambassadors of WASH by taking the message down to the grassroot. 
ATASP - 1 Adani- Omor Targets To Train, Equip 40,000 Youths
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-06-11 06:20:03CategoriesState The Agricultural Transformation Agenda Support Programme Phase one, ATASP-1, Adani-Omor Staple Crop Processing Zone has announced plans to train and equip forty thousand youths in the zone, with ten thousand from Anambra State.   ATASP-1 will also train and equip five seed entrepreneurs in Anambra State to achieve its mandate of developing the youths.  Over now to our Agric correspondent, Ebele Ezeh reports that the Zonal Programme Coordinator of ATASP-1, Adani-Omor Staple Crop Processing Zone, Mr. Romanus Egba, who announced these during the flagg off of the 2021 farming season by Governor Willie Obiano at the Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square Awka, expressed fulfillment that the theme of this year’s farming season, which is “Youths for sustainable agriculture”, coincided with their mandate.   Mr. Egba disclosed that they are presently rehabilitating the lower Anambra/Imo River Basin and pumping station, constructing  forty-four point four kilometers of irrigation canals for free flow of water and thirty-three point three kilometers of road within the irrigation command area, all at Omor, Ayamelum Council area, aimed at moving agriculture forward.  On women involvement in agriculture, the Coordinator, Women Farmers, Anambra State and Special Assistant to Governor Obiano on Community Farm Development, Mrs. Theresa Okoye, listed lack of developed lands, soft loans, among others, as some of the challenges militating against women contributions towards achieving the State’s blue print on agriculture.   On his part, the State youth leader, All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Anambra State chapter, Mr. Tim Onugha said the youths are ready to fill the gap between the elderly and youths in agriculture, and appealed for farm inputs, financial support, training, empowerment, market, among numerous others. 
NAU Mass Communication Dept Holds Media Interactive Session To Mark 25th Anniversary, Unveils Magazine
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-06-11 06:17:10CategoriesState Students of Department of Mass Communication, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, have been urged to remain focused in their discipline if they are to make headway in pursuit of their career.   Professionals in the media industry made the call during an interactive session of the twenty-fifth anniversary of the department and public presentation of the silver jubilee edition of Unizik Comet Magazine.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigata who covered the event reports that the media professionals, including the Director of News and Current Affairs Department of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze, Vice President of Radio, Television, Theatre and Arts Workers' Union of Nigeria, Prince Emeka Kalu, Anambra State Punch Correspondent, Mr. Tony Okafor, a Communication Consultant cum Analyst, Mr. Mike Meze, shared their wealth of experience and made relevant contributions on how students can surmount challenges confronting the media industry. Leading the discussion, a brand consultant of the Anambra State Government, Mr. Meze said the job of the media is herculean in nature, but tasked the students to start preparing now to be fit for the task ahead, especially for those who have interest in practicing Journalism.   The Director of News and Current Affairs of the ABS, Mr. Okpalaeze, who gave an insightful guide that would enable students strike a balance in news reportage, encouraged them to work towards excellence, and not to be deterred by much confrontations they may surface in the course of practicing their profession.  In their separate  contributions, Prince Kalu, Messrs Okafor of Punch Newspapers, Chinedu Madu of Radio Nigeria, and a veteran broadcaster, Mr. Dike Ibemesi, reminded the students that Journalism is a noble profession that would expose them if practiced with all sincerity.   Reacting, some students, including Sunday Inyama and Emmanuel Nginikanma, who are both three hundred level students of the institution, asked intriguing questions on challenges confronting Nigeria media industry. 
Buhari Inaugurates 156Km Lagos - Ibadan Standard Gauge Railway Line
AuthorJane JoshuaDate2021-06-11 06:12:50CategoriesNigeria President Muhammadu Buhari has commissioned the one hundred and fifty-six kilometer Lagos-Ibadan standard gauge railway line in Ebute Metta, Lagos. The Ebute Metta station is the largest railway station in West Africa, with a holding capacity of six thousand passengers. The railway station known as Mobolaji Johnson Station is the first double-track standard gauge rail in West Africa.  ABS Lagos Correspondent, Jane Joshua reports that President Buhari described the feat as another milestone in the drive of his administration to revitalize the railway system and establish it as a choice mode of transportation.  The President added that the project will be beneficial to the nation’s economy, and serve as a source of employment. President Buhari is also expected to inaugurate the Deep Blue Project of Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency.  
Obiano Flags Off Anambra 2021 Wet Season Farming
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-10 07:33:41CategoriesState The Anambra State Government has flagged off the 2021 wet season farming. Governor Willie Obiano performed the function at Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka. Government House correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that the event which has the theme “Empowering the youths in agriculture for sustainable development,” witnessed agric fair, launching of the compendium, among others.  In his remark, Governor Obiano, who said that the event will be his last flag off of farming season, pointed out that his administration has succeeded in putting measures in place for sustainable agricultural practices in the State.  The Governor, who described the flag off as his last parting gift to Anambra farmers, urged them to make it remarkable, adding that three things, which are important in agriculture are its suitability to the people, ability to protect environment and economic opportunities, all of which his administration has always promoted.  While stating that the thrust of his government is to pay attention to yields in hectares, because Anambra doesn’t have enough lands, Governor Obiano noted that in view of the global economic realities, he feels justified making agriculture his number one pillar, calling on more Ndi Anambra to venture into agriculture.   Earlier, the Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba explained that one thousand youths from three senatorial zones of the State will be engaged in rice production in the over one thousand, one hundred and seventy-seven hectares of land developed at Ndikelionwu in Orumba South under the Central Bank of Nigerian loan scheme, expected to increase overall rice production from four hundred and forty thousand metric tonnes in 2020 to five hundred and twenty five thousand  metric tonnes in 2021.  While thanking the Governor for his drive in agriculture, Mr. Onukwuba said that there are two fish villages under construction at Adazi Nnukwu and Aguleri, with a total of six hundred ponds, which will further engage six hundred youths when completed, noting that the Ministry projects to expand production of horticultural crops, tomatoes, onions, cucumber, ginger and other vegetables to enable Anambra State become self-sufficient, among others.  In an interview, the member representing Njikoka Constituency Two at the Anambra State House of Assembly, Sir Pete Ibida said that Governor Obiano has invested so much in agriculture, which made it possible for farmers in the State to engage in year-round farming, even as he stressed that there is room for improvement before the end of his tenure.   At the event, there was distribution of agro input, inorganic fertilizers cassava stem bundles, certified rice seeds, okro and tomato seeds, animal feed for sheep and goats.   The event also witnessed the presence of Government officials, including members of the State Executive Council, the legislature led by the Speaker, Right Honourable Uche Okafor, Transition Committee Chairmen, farmers, among others. 
Anambra Lawmaker Eli Distribute 250 Classroom Chairs To 17 Schools
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-06-10 07:25:42CategoriesState The member representing Onitsha South one Constituency in the state Assembly, Honourable Uzoma Eli has distributed two hundred and fifty classroom chairs to seventeen public and some mission primary schools under his constituency. Among the benefiting schools are Niger Primary School, Nupe Square Primary School, Fegge Community Primary School and Otumoye Primary School all in Fegge Onitsha. Others are Epigenosis Primary School Woliwo, Ugbolimili Primary School two and three Housing Estate Fegge-Onitsha among others. Making the presentation at Otumoye Primary School, now Holy Rosary one, his Alma Mater,  Honourable Eli, who recalled his days in the school about thirty years ago, noted that the chairs will make the children comfortable and thanked the headmistress of the school, whom he said, called his attention to it.  He encouraged people to call his attention to areas of needs within his constituency assuring his commitment to doing more to better their lives. In a speech, Onitsha South APGA chairman, Chief Mofus Ezeoba said the lawmaker constructed the chairs to support the schools hence fulfilling part of their campaign promises and urged them to continue to support APGA for more democracy dividends. Speaking during the distribution,  the Personal Assistant to Honourable Eli, Mr. Miracle Izunegbu said with the chairs in this era of COVID-19, the students will comply with social distancing. Some of the Head Heachers, including Dr. Mrs. Regina Ezeonyejiaku of Zik Avenue Primary School, that of Niger Primary School, Mrs. Ifeyinwa Chidolue, and Mrs. Ifeyinwa Anyabolu in charge of Nupe Square thanked the lawmaker for touching one of their vital needs while some of the pupils including Oluebube Chinedu, Akachukwu Egbe and Chibuzor Ikejionwu expressed gratitude over the gesture and prayed God to bless Honourable Eli.  The event was attended by APGA members from Onitsha South and PTA chairmen while welcome songs and dance added glamour to the event. 
Anambra Delegation Visits Victims Of Friday's Multiple Road Crashes At Akwata Junction, Awka
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-06-10 07:19:52CategoriesState The Secretary to Anambra State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu has led Anambra State Government's high powered delegation to begin visits of the victims of last Friday's road crashes  at Akwata Junction Awka. Members of the team include the Commissioners for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-Don Adinuba, Transport, Mr. Afam Mbanefo and Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala represented at the visit by the Special Adviser to the Governor on Health, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi. Correspondent, David Okpokwasili reports that Mr. Cosmas Okafor, the owner of the cow involved in the accident also joined in the visit to extend his sympathy to the victims of the accident. One of victims visited by the team was Engineer Azụbuike Obinegbo, who sustained head injuries from the accident and receiving treatment at Rock Foundation Hospital Awka.  According to Dr. Chukwudi Njelita, the medical doctor, who led the government team round the hospital, Engineer Obinegbo showed fast paced recovery and will be discharged yesterday. Speaking, Professor Chukwulobelu explained that the visit is a continuous process and is being carried out on the order of Governor Willie Obiano which on completion, they will report back to him. Professor Chukwulobelu used the opportunity to urge  truck drivers, cattle owners and other businesses to explore different insurance packages to cover their businesses and protect them at such unforeseen circumstances. On their parts, Mr. Adinuba and Mr. Mbanefo said the visit will show governments commitment to alleviate the plight of the victims of the road crashes . The victim, Engineer Obinegbo narrated his account of the unfortunate incident while Mr. Okafor, who happens to be a former treasurer of Anambra State Butchers Association, prayed for the quick recovery of all the victims of the accident and the peaceful repose of those that lost their lives. Recall that the Anambra State Government in a press statement released last Saturday, promised to offset the medical bills incurred by the victims. 
Enugwu-Ukwu Community Holds Prayer Rally Against Insecurity In Nigeria
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-10 07:09:39CategoriesState As its contribution to the fight against insecurity in the country, Enugwu-Ukwu Community in Njikoka Local Government Area has organized a three-day prayer rally spread across three weeks, to seek the face of God against insecurity in Nigeria. Residents of the town voluntarily closed the major market and shops in solidarity with the exercise . Correspondent, Chibuzo Obidike reports that the rally, which was initiated by  the traditional ruler of the community, Igwe Sir Ralph Ekpe and his cabinet in collaboration with the Enugwu-Ukwu Community Development Union, ECDU, was attended by clergymen and members from different denominations in the town and beyond.  Speaking shortly after the first day of the prayer rally, an indigenous Pastor, Pastor Emmanuel Okolo said the rally is an agreement between all denominations in the town and residents to seek the divine mercy of God and restoration of peace to the country, as God is the God of war and can bring tranquility. He urged Christians to remain steadfast in prayer and have faith in God and continue with prayers in their various villages and homes for grassroots cleansing. For the President General of the Community, Comrade Bonny Ozonkwuaku, the essence of the prayer rally is to contribute and complement government efforts with prayers, praises and sacrifice to God by all market unions, churches, traditionalists and residents of the community towards rising insecurity in the country. He expressed optimism that after the rally, a huge turn around and breakthrough in the nation will be witnessed and advised communities and the state as well as individuals to look inwards and assist in the fight against insecurity for the betterment of all.  Mrs. Njideka Eyi and Mrs. Maselina  Akametalu, who said they were all overwhelmed with the turn out and the success of the rally,  commended the traditional institution of the town for the initiative and prayed God to grant their request of bringing lasting peace and love among all the ethnic groups in Nigeria. 
Mrs Obiano Hails Holy Trinity Zone Of  St. Patrick Cathedral Awka For Promoting Church Activities
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-10 07:03:16CategoriesState Holy Trinity Zone, Saint Patrick's Cathedral Parish, Awka, recently celebrated her patron feast day “Most Holy Trinity”, amidst pump and pageantry.   The zone, which comprises faithful from Onitsha Archdiocese, Nnewi and Ekwulobia residents in Awka, came together as the beacon of Christ.   Religion Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye was there and reports that Saint Patrick's Cathedral Podium Awka was filled to brim as friends and families converged to join Holy Trinity Zone to celebrate Patron Feast day, which started with a holy mass presided over by the Catholic Bishop of Awka, Most Reverend Dr. Paulinus Ezeokafor.   Addressing the gathering, the wife of the State Governor, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano identified the zone as the beacon of their hope in prayers because of their name.   Represented by the Transition Committee Chairman, Awka South Council Area, Mr. Leo Nwuba, Dr. Obiano charged them to continue to pray fervently for the peace, progress and development of the State, noting that the Government will keep partnering the Church.  The member representing Aguata Constituency One in the State House of Assembly, Dr. Cater Umeh , who is also an aspirant under APGA, noted that Holy Trinity is three in one God and heart of Christianity, which needed to be celebrated, charging them to continue to pray for Governor Obiano, who has transformed all sectors of the State economy, including construction of International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, praying God to help him end well.   Earlier in his opening speech, the Chairman of the occasion, Chief Jude Emecheta, who is the Managing Director, Anambra State Signage and Advertisement Agency, maintained that the feast is of the holy spirit, which reminds Christians  that the family should be one, adding that Governor Obiano has continued to carry the State as one family, even as he said that his passion for a greater Anambra is second to none, because of all the infrastructural developments in the State .   Contributing, the Editor- In-Chief, Anambra Compendium, Chief Emeka Okonkwo, called for more prayers to save the country from the threshold of total collapse.   In their separate speeches, the Zonal Leader, Mr. Emmanuel Okeke and the Chairman, Local Organising Committee, Brother Calistus Nnadozie, thanked God for his grace upon them, noting that their aim includes raising fund for the purchase of thirty million naira bus that will be used for evangelism and parish outings.   The celebration featured fund raising for the purchase of the evangelism bus, cutting of cake, performances by the youths and children, as well as other side attractions. 
Rotary Club Of Awka NAU Holds Fellowship, Highlights Importance Of Insurance Policies
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-06-10 06:44:42CategoriesState The Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University fellowship has ended with a call on people to embrace insurance policies, in order to enjoy financial security, manage risks and eventualities.   Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi reports that  according  to the President, Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor, who noted that enlightenment on insurance is very important, given that many people are uninformed about it’s benefits, education by insurance experts will help Rotarians to be able to help their families.   He pointed out that Rotary Club, being about humanitarian services, is using the opportunity to bring about enlightenment to bring about improvement in people’s welfare.  A past Assistant Governor of Rotary District 9142, Mr. Kalu Peters explained that the contributions of Rotary all over the world cannot be over-emphasized, especially on public health, education, scholarship and capacity-building workshops for the people.   Mr. Kalu noted that the over five hundred clubs and about one and a half million members have made service to humanity their core mandate, even with the little at their disposal, assuring  that the organization will continue on its path of humanitarian gestures.   During a lecture on insurance, policies and packages, Mr. Chancel Ukpai, a Manager at an Insurance company, said insurance companies have changed from what they used to be over the years, as strong regulations, recapitalization and digitalization have revolutionized the sector, making insurance companies to now offer lots of services, even as insurance claims can be gotten with less stress.   He advised salary earners to cue into insurance policies, to be able to manage the risks of life and living.   One of the visitors to the Rotary fellowship and a veteran broadcaster, Mr. Don Onyenji, said Rotary Club is one of the reliable non-governmental organisations in the world, and has sustained its humanitarian gestures, urging people to get into the club as an avenue to touch lives. 
Security Summit: Anambra Police Command Reechoes Warning Against Youth Involvement In Cultism
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-06-10 06:40:10CategoriesState The Anambra State Police Command has re-echoed warning against youth’s involvement in cultism and other social vices, which militate against the security of the State.   Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Chris Owolabi, gave the warning during a one-day Peace and Security Summit organized by the Senate Secretariat, National Association of Nigerian Students, NANS, at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka.  Staff reporter Njideka Okoye covered the summit and reports that  the Summit drew participants from institutions of higher learning across the State.   Addressing the participants, Mr. Owolabi, represented by the Assistant Commissioner of Police Operations, Emma Ogbuanya, commended NANS for such Summit which he said is apt, considering the heat in the  polity and anger in the land, noting that the summit will sensitize the people on the need for peace and security in the society.  CP Owolabi, who stated that cultism is the mother of most crimes committed by the youths in the society, noted that cultism is inimical to the society, and its effects result in violence, death, imprisonment, interruption in academic programmes and shame to families.   He urged parents to inculcate good morals in their children at early stage, as family is the functional unit of the society.   The Senate President of NANS, Comrade Chuka Okafor, said the summit not only focused on reducing and preventing crime, but ensuring a cohesive and vibrant society, adding that cultism, drug abuse and other social vices constitute major challenges to the youths.  The Vice Chancellor of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Charles Esimone, represented by the Dean Students Affairs, Professor Nonso Achebe, said it is necessary to inform the youths of the dangers of cultism and other ills, urging the participants to put into practice and take the massage of the summit to their various institutions.   The summit,  which has as its theme "The Importance of a Safe Society and The Role of Nigerian Students/Youth in the Society of Our Campuses", featured questions and answers by the students. 
Anambra Guber: INEC Tasks Political Parties On Free, Fair Primaries
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-10 06:35:46CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has appealed to political parties participating in the November six Anambra governorship election to conduct free, fair and rancor-free primaries, in compliance with the Commission's laws, regulations and guidelines.   Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja Bureau reports that the Commission had on nineteenth January, twenty- twenty one, published the timetable and schedule of activities for the Anambra State Governorship election, outlining fourteen activities.   According to a release by the Commission made available to journalists in Abuja, in continuation of preparations for the election, INEC has implemented the first activity on the timetable by publishing the official notice for the election in the Commission’s offices in Anambra State.   The statement noted that two other activities, which are the commencement of primaries by political parties to democratically elect candidates for the election, as well as collection of nomination forms from INEC Headquarters, will kick off today.   Meanwhile, the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, is expected to screen all aspirants who purchased the Expression of Interest form to run under the party at it’s Secretariat today. 
Commentary: One Year Of Triumphant Exit Of Dr Anthony Enukeme
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-09 05:49:39CategoriesColumnist Yesterday marked exactly one year that Chief Dr Sir Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme, OON, Onowu Neni, Founder, Chairman, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Tonimas Nigeria Limited, departed this earth. Dr.  Enukeme, a corporate hero and an empire builder, who established massive investments cutting across oil, hospitality, transportation, manufacturing, property development and insurance brokerage, among others, died on Monday, June 8, 2020 at the age of 76. Born on January 21, 1944 to the family of late Chief and Mrs. Eyisi Enukeme Anyabolu, Dr Anthony Enukeme encountered many odds and went through various desert journeys before completing his elementary school in 1962. However, this difficult beginning did not deter him. He branched out into business and became a filing station attendant at Total Nigeria Plc under the tutelage of Sir Raphael Ozoekwe Udezeh, at the then Enugu Motor Park. Later, he went to Lagos, where he was allocated a filling station to handle, after beating scores of pump attendants in a competition organized by French overlords. This forward leap in business was interrupted by the Nigerian Civil War. When the war ended in 1970, Dr Enukeme went back to school. In 1985, he passed GCE, ordinary level and gained admission into Abia State University where he obtained a Bachelors Degree in Political Science and a Masters Degree in International Relations and Diplomacy. He was a recipient of an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration from the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, among other honours and awards. Dr Enukeme later expanded his business empire. He was the President, Lubricant Producers Association of Nigeria LUPAN. This was a man who rose from rags to riches; a man who was gathering fruits, cutting down trees, doing all types of menial jobs. As a hardworking, intelligent and courageous man, he was able to establish a burgeoning business empire that became a household name in Nigeria and beyond. Today, Tonimas has other diverse ventures and companies, which include petroleum and lubricant depots, White Castle Hotels, Aluminum Sheets factory, Lubricant Blending Plants, nail manufacturing firm, and a fleet of petrol service stations  spread all over Nigeria. Dr. Enukeme was a performer par excellence. Unlike some others who pile up riches when their relations and others living around them live in abject poverty, squalor, want, hunger and starvation, Dr Enukeme used his wealth in the service of God and humanity. He lived a purposeful life. For instance, his rich bouquet of noble deeds cut across all walks of life - education, health, tradition and the church of God where he spent billions of naira in the service of his creator. He runs Neni Education Foundation and constructed network of asphalted roads at Neni. As the Grand President of the Knight of Saint John International, Owerri Grand Commandary, Dr Enukeme made monumental contributions to churches. He was a recipient of Papal Knight of Saint Gregory the Great (KSG). On the cultural arena, Dr Enukeme was the Founder and President, Anambra State Council of Traditional Prime Ministers (Ndionowu). Dr Anthony Enukeme was happily married to Iyom Mary Uzoaku Enukeme (Mmiriaku) and they were richly blessed with six children – Azubike, Chike and Nkene (sons) as well as Ifeoma, Nkiru and Chinyere (daughters). Enukeme was a member of Board of Trustees of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA). Dr Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme, had, like Saint Paul, fought a good fight and finished the race of life. Onowu Neni, Ezeani-Aku-uvom, Enyi-Abia, Anya-Anaocha, Mentor, brother, father and father figure to many, continue to rest in peace. 
Voter Registration: ASATU  Women Embark On Awareness Campaign
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-09 05:46:28CategoriesState The Women Wing of Anambra Association Of Towu Unions ASATU has embarked on sensitisation and awareness campaign on voter's registration.
The sensitisation which was held at Njikoka Local Government Headquarters,Abagana for those in Anambra Central Senatorial District aims at ensuring that women get actively involved in the forth coming elections.
Women Affairs Correspondent,Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that while addressing the women, the National President of ASATU Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo said that with  the INEC voter registration exercise starting from June twenty eight, there is need to sensitive  women on the importance of getting voter's card which will give them power to cast their vote to who ever they desired to vote for.
Lady Franca noted that they want women to be fully involved in the state election, advising them to ensure their wards and neighbors get registered while those who transfer from their locations  should approach INEC to effect necessary update on their status.

Also speaking,the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Social Re-orientation,Mrs Mitchelle Onugbolu  said voter's  card is a credible identification material in the country  urging the women to register close to their house so as not to find it difficult in accessing the polling unit  on the day of election even as she appealed to INEC to extend the registration exercise from Local Government to polling booths.
The Second Vice President, ASATU Women Wing, Lady Ijeoma Esione in her remarks  said that days are gone when women are relegated to the back seat or seen only in kitchen,  stating that the voting  card is their right and will give them full access to choose candidates of their choice.
Contributing , the Ukwulu Community Woman Leader, Mrs Njide Anusi called on women to be careful while choosing their candidate noting that Governor Willie Obiano has done well in the state and encouraged them to participate actively so as to achieve more than thirty five percent  affirmative action .
Also in a remark,the Coordinator Dr Josephine Ilokanuno warned against money politics asking them to go back and disseminate the information at the grass root level to get everyone involved.
The sensitisation exercise  will be extend to Anambra North and South Senatorial District while questions and answers segment climaxed the occasion.
Mass Communication Dept NAU Seeks Stronger Collaboration With ABS On 25th Anniversary Celebration
AuthorAmarachukwu OkaforDate2021-06-09 05:43:57CategoriesState Department of Mass Communication, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka has called for stronger partnership and support towards the upcoming twenty-fifth anniversary celebration of the department.
The Head of the department, Professor Chinwe Uzochukwu made the call when she led a delegation of the Students and  staff of the department on a courtesy visit to the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah at the Corporate  headquarters of the Station in Awka.
Correspondent, Amarachukwu Okafor reports that the anniversary celebration scheduled for Thursday, June 10th, 2021 will serve as an opportunity to honour an array of role models and contributors to the success of the department, society and mankind.
It will also feature the launch of the silver edition of the Unizik COMET magazine, as well as mark the Maiden Alumni Homecoming of the department which began in 1996.
Speaking, Professor Uzochukwu commended the management and staff of the ABS for transforming the station, giving a wider reach and more voice to her audience.
She said therefore, that the visit is to seek stronger partnership and collaboration leveraging on the success of ABS towards projecting the essence of the celebration and to publicize the  homecoming activities of the department.

Responding, Dr. Nworah represented by the Director, News and Current Affairs, Mr Gab Okpalaeze welcomed the delegation and emphasized that the station will continue to support events and programmes that will be of good benefit to the society.
The ABS MD used the opportunity to brief the mass communicators on the lifeline given to ABS by Gov Willie Obiano, saying that the huge government investment on the staff and equipment of ABS is paying off handsomely.
Later, the Chairman of the Silver Jubilee Publicity sub Committee,  Dr. Henry Duru thanked the station for it’s dedication in projecting the university, and appreciated the staff of the ABS for their hard work and professionalism in the conduct of their duty
In the UNIZIK delegation include: Dr. Njideka Ezeonyejiaku, Dr. Odogwu Emeka Odogwu, Dr Obiora Edogor, Mrs Kobimdi Umeh, Mrs Chinwe Okoyeocha, Mrs Chigozie Chukwuleta, while members of the management team of the ABS who were on hand to welcome them were the  Director of Programmes Mrs. Nneka Ekwunife, and Director of Commercials,  Beatrice Akwanamnye represented by Mrs Uju Ifediba.
Obiano Launches Anambra 2021 Farming Season Today
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-09 05:41:13CategoriesState Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano will today, ninth June, launch the 2021 farming season in the State. Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba announced this in a statement available to newsmen. He enjoined the public to attend the event scheduled to hold from twelve noon today at the Dr. Alex Ekwueme square, Awka, the State capital. 
FRSC Announces Partial Closure Of Amawbia Flyover End Of Enugu-Onitsha Expressway For Repairs
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-09 05:39:20CategoriesState The Federal Road Safety Commission, FRSC, Anambra State Command, has announce d the partial closure to traffic of the Enugu-Onitsha expressway through Amawbia flyover.   The Command said the closure is to enable the Construction Company handling maintenance project at the site lay the final asphalt layer on the stretch, and advised motorists to use alternative routes, including old road, in order to relieve vehicular pressure.   A statement signed by the Command’s Public Education Officer, Florence Edor, on behalf of the Sector Commander, Mr. Adeoye Irelewuyi, assured motorists and Ndi Anambra traversing the flyover of adequate deployment of traffic managers, and appealed to motorists to cooperate with them for free traffic flow.   The statement added that the Federal Ministry of Works, which is supervising the project, has assured of speedy completion so as to minimize the inconveniences that may be caused, urging motoring public to be safety conscious when approaching the flyover. 
ASWAMA Cautions Anambra Residents Against Endangering Environment, Ecosystem
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-09 05:37:58CategoriesState Residents of Anambra State have been urged to avoid acts capable of endangering the environment and the ecosystem.   Speaking in Awka, the Managing Director of Anambra State Waste Management Authority, ASWAMA, Mr. Amechi Akorah, stressed the need for people to join hands with the Government to maintain a friendly and healthy environment.   Paul Ezeoke reports that MThe the 8[r. Akorah said that adopting environmental -friendly attitude would protect the people from adverse effects of climate change resulting from depletion of the ozone layer and cautioned against burning of materials, deforestation and other acts that could  threaten the temperature of the environment, which he said increases global warming and other environmental challenges. 6th and He explained that mass tree planting provides effective response to issues of climate change, as well as serve as watershed and habitat to millions of animals and humans that form part of the ecosystem, noting that trees do not only serve as wind breakers, but also help in withstanding variety of natural disasters and regulation of atmospheric temperature, as well as increase of oxygen.   Mr. Akorah urged developers to always replace trees cut during building processes, while residents should cultivate and nuture gardens and grasses around their homes to protect the soil from erosion, as well as avoid indiscriminate disposal of refuse and dumping of waste materials in drainage system.   Also speaking, the State Chairman of the Nigeria Miners Association, Chief Henry Igboeli called on Government to take more proactive measures to tackle abuse of the environment by illegal miners and sand excavators across the State.   According to Chief Igboeli, these unregulated activities have increased erosion devastation and land degradation, which he regretted constitute serious threat to critical public infrastructure, homes and farmlands.   He said that protection of the environment should be collective responsibility of the Government and the people to maintain healthy ecosystem. 
N-Power Begins Enrollment Of Batch C Applicants
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-08 06:20:25CategoriesNigeria The Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development has announced the next step for the N-Power Batch C Stream One applicants. The Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Bashir Alkali, announced this in a statement yesterday in Abuja. He said the ministry has commenced the next stage of enrollment with the verification of email addresses by applicants. The permanent secretary advised the shortlisted applicants to check their email addresses for confirmation and further information. 
Bishop Ikeakor Reechoes Call For Restructuring, Constitutional Amendment
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-06-08 06:16:53CategoriesState The Bishop Anglican Diocese of Amichi, Right. Reverend Ephraim Ikeakor has called on the Federal government to see the need for critical Restructuring of Nigeria and holistic Constitutional Amendment  for a peaceful and stable nation.
     Bishop Ikeakor made the call while presenting the Bishop's charge during the first session of the 5th synod of the Diocese held at St Andrew's Anglican Church Ebenator, Nnewi South L.G.A.
     Staff reporter Njideka Okoye was there and reports that Bishop Ikeakor stated that the spate of killings, bloodletting,  crime and criminality, as well as  destruction of lives and property by Funali herdsmen   calls for critical, practical and sustainable action  to curb the menace.

     The meeting outlined some of the achievements and programmes of the Diocese to include, reinvigoration of the Diocesan integrated farm , functional feed mill, installation of full Solar Panel at the Secretariat, building of massive edifice at the Diocesan School of Midwifery to fully take off by October, November this year, building  of new structures at Master's Vessel Seminary Osumenyi and remarkable  performance of Holy Child Convent Amichi to mention but a few.
     Bishop Ikeakor commended Governor Willie Obiano for providing a Cargo and Passenger International airport for Ndi Anambra, urging him to make the airport fully functional in no distant time.
     Speaking at the synod, the Archbishop of the Province of the Niger, Most Reverend Dr. Alexander Ibezim commended Bishop Ikeakor and his wife  Nkem for the rapid growth and development of the Diocese, urging people to embrace the Diocesan theme and the synod theme in a time like this.

     The Bishop Diocese of Nnewi, Rt. Reverend Ndubisi Obi commended  Bishop Ikeakor for assessment debt cancellation of three  million naira for all the churches in the Diocese and housing support scheme of one million naira each to five clergymen in the Diocese and boarding fee scholarship for clergy children, noting   that the theme of the synod is significant to true Christianity in a challenging society like this
For a former Anambra Commissioner for Lands and an indigene of Amichi, Barrister  Okoli-Akilka,
Bishop Ikeakor has made the Diocese a standard in both spiritual, agricultural, educational, infrastructural, health aspects as well as welfare of the church workers while the chairman Diocesan Synod Planning Committee, Venerable. Chika Mbaeyi thanked God for the success of the synod.
     The synod which has its theme as "Crossless Christianity,a Contradiction of the Mandatory Demand of True Discipleship" featured presentations  to Bishop Ikeakor.
Anambra Govt Rewards State Contingent To National Sports  Festival Edo 2020
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-08 06:10:05CategoriesState Anambra state government has received and recognised deserving athletes who made the state proud at the recently concluded National Sports Festival, Edo 2020.
Governor Willie Obiano received the athletes at his Aguleri Country home in Anambra East Council Area.
Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that the athletes who won a total of thirty seven medals, including  six gold, nine silver and twenty two bronze medals ere presented to the Governor by the state chairman of Sports Development Commission, Mr. Tony Oli.

A performance by ten year old Stephanie Onuzurike who won gold, two silver medals and one bronze thrilled the audience.
While gold medalists were received cheques for  one million naira each, silver medalists received five hundred thousand naira, while bronze medalists  went home with two hundred and fifty thousand naira each.

Anambra state government also specially recognised coaches, while the overall best coach went home with one million naira.
According to Governor Obiano, his administration will continue to advance sports development in the state.
The Governor congratulated team Anambra for making the state proud, asking those who won   to always defend their medals,  while calling on those who won silver and bronze, to strive to make gold, even as he urged other participants who did not win any laurels to train harder.

Also speaking, Mr. Oli who applauded the Governor for supporting the commission, recalled that when he assumed office, the last competition team Anambra attended, the state won only one medal.
He said that the present administration has repositioned Sports in the state, revealing other programs of  the commission in the coming days including finals of academicals, Anambra state volleyball league, Anambra basketball league, among others .

Speaking to the press, little and energetic Stephanie who was visibly happy, said that she started to train at two years, expressing optimism that she will train harder for more laurels and greater heights.
Physically challenged Njideka won silver medal qualifying her for the olympics.
Traditional Ruler of Aguleri, Igwe Michael Idigo, Special Adviser to the governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie, among others, attended the event.

Highpoint of the event was presentation of cheques to the ten year old Stephanie Onuzurike who won one gold, two silver medals and one bronze and presently the overall best gymnast in Nigeria.
Ohaneze Ndigbo  VP Okeke-Ogene Cautions Youths Against Political Violence
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-08 06:03:53CategoriesState Youths have been urged not to be willing tools in the hands of self-seeking politicians. Speaking in , the Vice President-GAwkaeneral of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene enjoined them not to be part of any act that will mar their future. Our man Paul Ezeoke   reports that according to Chief Okeke Ogene , youths should position themselves to effectively take over from the older generation. He expressed satisfaction that most youths in the State have continued to prove themselves in various fields of life and charged them to draw inspirations from great leaders like the late Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe to attain greater heights. Chief Okeke-Ogene reminded the political class that it is no longer fashionable to instigate youths to violence and instability in order to achieve political aspirations, while urging parents and guardians to encourage their children and wards to explore and develop their talents to become productive citizens. Also speaking, a former President-General of Nnobi Welfare Association Dr Mike Omenugha called on the electorate to participate actively in the electoral process to contribute towards sustaining good governance in the State. Also, speaking, the State Vice Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA, Anambra Central Senatorial District Sir Theophine Nnoli urged principal actors to play according to the rule to maintain the prevailing peace and stability in the State. Sir Theophine reminded politicians that election should not be seen as a do or die affair but should rather be pursued with sense of maturity and responsibility as well as spirit of sportsmanship. 
INEC To Publish List Of New Polling Units Next Week
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-08 06:02:05CategoriesNigeria Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, says it will publish the list of new polling units next week. The National Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu disclosed this while receiving a new fire engine deployed to the Commission by the Federal Fire Service. He disclosed that for the first time in twenty five years, the Commission had concluded work on the expansion of voter access to polling units ahead of the Continuous Voter Registration exercise adding that details of the locations of the registration centres and the procedure for the commencement of online registration will also be made available after a series of consultative meetings with stakeholders next week.  The Chairman recalled that concerned by the incidents, the Commission convened an emergency meeting of Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security last week at which the security agencies renewed their determination to collaborate more with the Commission to address the challenge beyond the routine protection of Independent National Electoral Commission assets and the security of its officials, voters, observers, the media, candidates and their agents during elections hence the Federal Fire Service offered to deploy additional state-of-the-art fire engine to the Independent National Electoral Commission headquarters to complement the two existing trucks. Professor Yakubu, noted that the Federal Fire Service had also directed its State offices to take additional protective measures around other Independent National Electoral Commission facilities nationwide. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that the Fedeeal fire service, as a member of the Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security, was concerned about the recent assaults on INEC offices across the Country, deployed the fire engine to assist in checking the ugly trend. 
Anambra PPSSC Organizes Leadership Training For Secondary School Prefects Across State Educational Zones
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-06-08 05:57:32CategoriesState Anambra State Post Primary Schools Service Commission has organized leadership training for selected school functionaries in public secondary schools across the State. The training which has more than one thousand student functionaries in attendance took place simultaneously in six education zones of the commission namely Aguata, Awka, Nnewi, Ogidi, Onitsha and Otuocha. Correspondent David Okpokwasili reports that the leadership training themed "Exemplary Leadership" is expected to be stepped down to all school functionaries after the Zonal Trainings.  Lectures on subthemes: "The place of prefects in school governance", "specific functions of school prefects" and "Prefects and crises management" were also held at the training. Declaring the leadership training open, the Chairman Post Primary Schools Service Commission, Mrs Ifeoma Okaro said the training is intended to inculcate in the students the true virtues of leadership both in character and learning. At Aguata Zonal Leadership Training which took place at Urban Girls Secondary School, Ekwulobia, the Chairman of the Commission asked parents to support their children who were appointed into different positions as school prefects as these will be a springboard for them to launch into the society as leaders of tomorrow.  The Chairman on the occasion at the venue for Awka Zone which took place at Loretto Special Science Secondary School, Adazi-Nnukwu, Dr Mitchell Onugbolu who is also the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Social Orientation asked the students to place priority on the core values of the State. The Deputy Chairman of the Commission who is also the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on primary education, Lady Pat Offia, the Member of the Commission in charge of Aguata Zone, Lady Francisca Okeke and the Co-ordinator, Guidance and Counseling unit of the Commission, Mrs Eucharia Illikah said the training will close the gap caused by the global Covid-19 pandemic which made the commission not to conduct the training in 2020. Some of the participants,  including the Senior Prefect, Saint Mary's High School, Ifitedunu, Master Collins Nwojiji and the Deputy Senior Prefect, Holy Cross High School, Umuawulu/Mbaukwu, Miss Divine Precious thanked the Commission for the leadership training, saying it has opened their eyes to the responsibilities and expectations of their different positions and promised to make their different schools and Anambra State proud. The student functionaries were later inducted formally into their various positions by Supervisors of Special Duties in the Zones including Venerable Clement Mgbemena and Reverend Godswill Walter. 
Commentary: Sustaining The Peaceful Disposition In APGA
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-07 07:29:55CategoriesColumnist In every society, peace is usually the bedrock of development, progress and recreation. This, therefore, means that a society devoid of peace is sure not to attain its full potentials and may continue to experience underdevelopment.
Peace does not mean an absence of conflicts though; as creatures from different backgrounds, differences will always be there. Peace means solving these differences through peaceful means; through dialogue, education, knowledge and through humane ways.
A peace loving person should not let the behavior of others destroy his inner peace, which will in turn affect his output. Peace can challenge us to discover ourselves and perhaps, allow us to surrender to our circumstances. When we stop going against the grain and going with the flow, life will get sweeter.
That is why Anambra has known peace since the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, took over the mantle of leadership in the state on March 17, 2006. Hitherto, the state was in a gory and sorry situation. Anambra was in a state of anomie. The state was destroyed and was almost trodden to the path of anarchy. Anambra was on its knees; in a mess then.
Violence, mayhem, and criminality were synonymous with the state, to the extent that a sitting governor was abducted then. Schools closed for almost one year due to nonpayment of workers, teachers and pensioners, while extra judicial killings by a formal organization and brazen burning of public property were the order of the day. If there was no divine intervention, the state would have degenerated to a state of emergency.
Fortunately, once APGA took over the mantle, everything died down. In fact, APGA brought Anambra to the status of being the most peaceful state in Nigeria; for the party believes that peace, as John F. Kennedy said, is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding, quietly building new structures.
APGA posits that peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. This is because darkness cannot drive darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive hate; only love can do that. And APGA stands for light and love. That is why our Motto is: Be Your Brother’s or Sister’s Keeper. To APGA, peace comes from being able to contribute the best that we have; and all that we are, toward creating a world that supports everyone. But it is also securing the space for others to contribute the best they have and all they are. That is why APGA has excelled so much in the past few years of its existence.
The All Progressives Grand Alliance believes that if you want to end war, then instead of sending guns, send books; instead of sending tanks send pens; instead of sending soldiers, send teachers. That is the propelling concept that changed Anambra story in all sectors, far different and better than what it was.
APGA has ever remained a violence-free political party because its idea is that violence is immoral, which seeks to humiliate rather than win understanding. Violence thrives on hatred rather than love. It destroys communities and makes brotherhood impossible. It leaves society in monologue rather than dialogue. Violence ends up defeating itself. It creates bitterness in the survivors and brutality in the destroyers. And that is why APGA is succeeding where others failed.
Suffice it to say that these are the reasons why APGA has remained an indivisible progressive, devoid of rancor, acrimony and Pull Him Down Syndrome orchestrated in other platforms. Thus, Ndi Anambra are better for it today. APGA has, in the past fifteen years, shown good governance and steady delivery of democracy dividends.
The party has, over the years, remained faithful to its covenant with the people, in accordance with its constitution and manifesto as well as the spirit and solemn directives of its supreme leader, late Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu. We are not selfish, we believe in equity, fairness and justice. That is why APGA is championing the course for zoning so that everyone will benefit.
All APGA faithful, from the ward to local government, state and national levels are therefore urged to hold fast to our peaceful disposition. We must never allow intruders to break the chain of peace which has taken us thus far. United we must surely stand to continue to win.
WRITTEN BY SIR NOBERT OBI 
Late Mrs Helen Chukwuelobe Laid To Rest At Adazi Nnukwu Anaocha Council Area
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-07 07:26:33CategoriesState The body of Late Mrs Helen Nonyelum Chukwuelobe have been laid to rest at  Amolu Adazi-Nnukwu, Anaocha council area of Anambra State.   The burial ceremony attracted dignitaries from all walks of life.   Correspondent, Valentine Mbadugha reports that the burial ceremony commenced with a holy mass which was conducted at Saint Joseph the Worker Catholic Church Adazi-Nnukwu, and was presided over by the Auxiliary Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Jonas-Benson Okoye in accompanied by  other clergy including the Vicar General, Catholic Diocese of Ekwulobia, Reverend Father Anthony Chiegboka.   Most Reverend Okoye during the mass, urged Christians not to deviate from the teachings of the church in other to remain in good terms with God.   He noted that the deceased lived a good Christian life, urging the children and other parishioners to emulate her.   On his part,  one of the sons Chief Fred Chukwuelobe, expressed  saddness   over the demise of his mother, stating that losing a mother is one of the most painful things that could happen to anyone.   He further appreciated all that shared in their moment of grief praying God to bless them abundantly.   The Matriarch who died at the age of eighty years left six children, three daughters in-law, three sons in-law, eighteen grandchildren and two great-grandchildren to mourn her with Chief Fred Chukwuelobe as the chief mourner.   
Emegoako Family Of Ogidi Celebrates One Year Birthday Anniversary Of Daughter Ifeoma With Thanksgiving Service At Amawbia, Awka South Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-07 07:19:44CategoriesState Emegoako family of Ogidi, Idemili North Council Area, has marked one year anniversary celebration of their daughter, Ifeoma with thanksgiving as they returned all glory to God for using the child as an instrument of blessing to their home.   The family danced with joy as they approached the presence of God at United Church of Christ International Amawbia, in Awka South Local Government Area where the celebrant and her parents were joined by family, friends and well-wishers to thank God.  The Anambra Broadcasting Service family was  fully present at the ceremony to felicitate with their own, Mrs Blessing Emegoako whose daughter is marking his one year birthday anniversary.   In his message titled “Why Wait? , the Pastor in charge of the church, Pastor Joshua Chibueze applauded the family for appreciating God for all he has done for them, noting that it shows their commitment to their Christian faith which he said  will help in bringing up the child in the path of God.  Pastor Chibueze recalled the olden days when  elderly people were well respected which he recalled brought blessings and breakthroughs  in businesses and young families  because of their prayers and wondered where the respects for the elderly has gone to.   The celebrant's maternal and paternal grandmothers, Mrs Ifeyinwa Obiora and Mrs Regina Emegoako, thanked God for his love and mercies upon their family, asking the congregation to join them in appreciating God, noting that their grandchild has been a source of thanksgiving and joy to the extended family.   For the couple Mr and Mrs Emegoako, the birth of Ifeoma Emegoako is a revelation of God’s endless love and surprises to his children and asked all to remain committed in faith, praying that God will meet all at their various points of needs. 
Awka Anglican Diocese Holds Youth Fellowship Sunday
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-07 07:12:39CategoriesState The Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of The Niger, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim has challenged the youths to channel their youthful energy to positive live for a serene society.   Most Reverend Ibezim stated this in a sermon to mark the Anglican Youth Fellowship Sunday AYF, at the Anglican Church of Holy Spirit Awka.   The Service which brought together all the youths both the Anglican Boys, Girls Guild, Uniform Organisation and others has  its theme as “The Youths: Veritable Instrument in Expanding our Ministerial Coast”.  Most Reverend Ibezim who is also the Bishop Of Awka Diocese and whose message to the youths was read by the Vicar of the church, Venerable Rex Kanu said the youths are the future of the society and, it expected of them to go for mission and evangelism to channel those idling away to do something reasonable.   He noted that they are veritable tools in ministerial expansion and asked them to be available for things of God and ensure that the church match forward.   Most Reverend Ibezim reminded the youths that they are very important in God's Kingdom agenda and should not engage in things that does not please God, eschew cultism, prostitutions, thuggery, assassination and other immoralities.   The Youth Leader of the Church, Mr Kenechukwu Ochuba, encouraged the youths to live exemplary life  and should not be used as instrument for perpetrating crime.   Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that the service climaxed with  prayers, thanksgiving and special renditions. 
Nigeria Generates 1.5 Million Tonnes Of Plastic Waste Annually -  FG
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-07 07:04:52CategoriesState Federal government says one point five million tonnes of plastic wastes generated annually in Nigeria is posing a threat to food safety and quality.   The Minister of State for Environment, Mrs Sharon Ikeazor, who disclosed this at a webinar on Youth Response to Plastic Pollution, said Nigeria is grappling with the challenges of sustainable management of plastic wastes.   According to her, plastic pollution is presently one of the most pressing global environmental problems facing mankind, affecting land and marine environment. It also threatens ocean health, food safety and quality, human health, coastal tourism, and contributes to climate change.   In Nigeria, about one point five million tonnes of plastic wastes are generated every year and less than ten per cent is recycled. 
FG  Orders Shutdown Of Illegal Security Outfits
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-07 06:58:06CategoriesNigeria The National Security Adviser, retired Major General Babagana Monguno has ordered an immediate shutdown of illegal security outfits operating in the Country.   He warned against the use of such outfits to harass, intimidate and extort Nigerians.   The National Security Adviser also cautioned individuals and organizations as well as foreign partners on the activities of one of such outfits, which he said was illegally formed as a taskforce to combat importation and smuggling of ammunition and light weapons into Nigeria. 
Archbishop Ibezim Tasks FG, Others On Youth Unemployment Challenges
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-07 06:56:49CategoriesState The Archbishop Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim, has called on government at different levels to create more employment opportunities for the youths to divert their minds from crime and restiveness.   In a message at the Cathedral Church of Saint Faith Awka during the 2021 Youth Sunday in the Anglican Diocese of Awka, Most Reverend Ibezim maintained that youths as future leaders of the Country needs a bright future.   He blamed youths’ involvement in kidnapping and other social vices on unemployment and called for their proper engagement by the government.   The Anglican Prelate regretted the high rate of insecurity in different parts of the Country and called on the Federal government to beef up its security apparatus to guarantee the    safety of Nigerians.   Most Reverend Ibeziem whose message was read by the Archdeacon in the Cathedral Church of Saint Faith Awka, Venerable Samuel Okonkwo, while describing youths as veritable instrument for the spread of the gospel, urged parents to always allow their children to take active part in Church activities to enable them  be in closer contact with their creator.   Most Reverend Ibezim regretted that youths are going back to idolatry and charged Ministers of God to rise to the occasion. 
Anambra 2021 Guber : More Stakeholders Ask Aspirants To Respect Due Process
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-07 06:53:54CategoriesPolitics State A Chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA Chief Chinedu Nwoye has advised all the aspirants for the November sixth governorship election in Anambra State, to follow due process and all enabling laws in all they do.   Speaking to the ABS in Awka, Chief Nwoye who said that Anambra State always sets good example during elections charged politicians to avoid acts capable of overheating the polity. He cautioned politicians and political gladiators against seeing election as a do or die affair.   Chief Nwoye called on youths to desist from being used as cannon-fodder during elections.   Contributing, the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Community Liaison Chief Obi-Ochije Muodilim, called on Ndi Anambra to look for a worthy successor to Governor Willie Obiano whose tenure is gradually coming to an end.   Chief Ochije Muodilim who described APGA as a political party for the progressives said that the party for the past fifteen years has restored people’s confidence in the governance of Anambra State.   He called on youths to key into various empowerment programmes of the Obiano administration to become self-reliant.   Chief Ochije Muodilim used the opportunity to advise Managers of Social Media platforms to use it in promoting peace instated of using such to cause confusion. 
Anambra Government to Offset Hospital Bills of Accident Victims and Decries Jungle Justice
AuthorAnambra state governmentDate2021-06-06 07:03:31CategoriesState 1.      The Anambra State Government will pay the bills for the medical treatment of all the victims of the accident which occurred on Friday, June 4, 2021, at the Akwata Junction in Awka when the driver of a truck filled with cows lost control of his vehicle and, in the process, killed eight persons and damaged some vehicles. Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State has directed a team of top government officials to ensure that the victims receive proper medical attention and, if necessary, take them to Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Awka, or any other hospital in the state for superior attention. 2.      Governor Obiano has also directed the high-powered team to visit families of the deceased victims as well as the owner of the cattle involved in the accident, Mr Cosmas Chibuike of Umunnachi, Dunukofia Local Government Area of Anambra State, and condole with him for not only the death of the animals in the accident but also the later killing of some of the animals by the mob. Mr Chibuike has obviously suffered double tragedy. 3.      The Government and people of Anambra State abhor jungle justice and all manner of mob behavior. Such behavior has no place in any civilized environment. Like in every decent society, there are laid down procedures which aggrieved citizens and people take. Persons found guilty of irresponsible conduct in respect of the tragedy of last Friday will face the consequences of their action. 4.      Chief Obiano has, in addition, directed the high-powered team to visit the truck driver and any persons with him in the vehicle when the accident occurred, including Mr Muhammed Ndaji from Taraba State who is receiving treatment in a top orthorpaedic hospital in Awka. Many cows in Anambra State are jointly owned by indigenes of the state and experts from the Northern part of the country in a business arrangement popularly known as agbate eke which spells out not just the ratio of ownership but also the ratio of sharing both profit and loss. 5.      This business model has been in existence for several decades, and there are hardly complaints of cheating or fraud. This business relationship should be promoted in the interest of both parties as well as in the furtherance of national economic growth and unity. It is, therefore, regrettable that certain unpatriotic elements have been using the social media to impute all manner of meaning into the accident of last Friday, capitalizing on the current frayed ethnic, sectional and religious nerves in the country to cause mind poisoning. 6.      Without prejudice to the findings of the work of the panel which will look into the causes of the accident, the tragedy has underlined the critical need for big truck owners and drivers to constantly check the state of their vehicles before they set out every day with them on the road. They must also adhere to road safety rules like speed limit, especially in towns, cities and other places with high populations and economic activity. Drivers should also avoid stimulants like alcohol and drug. 7.       The Anambra State Government thanks security officers, Anambra State Fire Service officials, Anambra State Traffic Maintenance Agency as well as ordinary citizens who raced to the scene of the Akwata Junction accident and did their best to maintain law and order and take victims to different hospitals. Most Anambra people always live up to the true meaning of our shared humanity and our shared values.   God bless Anambra State, the Light of the Nation.   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Commentary: What Covid-19 Has Taught Humanity
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-06 06:56:07CategoriesColumnist A classical philosophical axiom indicates that the real essence of life is that we begin to adore the dawn of a new morning, revere the departure of another day and treasure the breath of a complete life. The humanists who proposed this witty remark must have known that man is basically an insatiable being. Man wants more out of a life already fulfilled. He wants longer life, more wealth, better health, best diet and a shelter that beats time. Man wants all the best things in life, mostly for free.
In late December of 2019, when the world started getting discomforting feeds of a never-seen-before disease from Wuhan, a sub-provincial city in Central China, no one had thought that in few months’ time, what began like a chimney fire would become a global wildfire; weakening global powers and exposing countries with horrible health systems.
In fact, everyone from every other country and city around the world except Wuhan, went their usual business. Reports later indicated that even Chinese leaders in Beijing initially wrote the deadly disease off matter-of-factly.
Today, recorded cases of the coronavirus globally are in millions of people and millions of death as well. What those scary figures mean is that COVID-19 is one of the biggest and worst pandemic in recorded human history. But an important question from the sidelines of these global hiccups is: What has the coronavirus pandemic really taught mankind?
First, the global health emergency has taught man that life is ephemeral, thin and vain. It has shown humanity that the air we take in could seize at any moment and make us mere losers in life's games. Those who said that life was transient must have had a similar or closer experience.
Coronavirus has also taught humanity the need to appreciate the serenity of nature. The disorderly haste to make money, to make ends meet, to outclass competition, have seized as humanity battle a course that has ended the chase for wealth. Millions of jobs have been lost globally, industries have had to downsize just as others closed down permanently. These sad turns are huge lessons for us to understand that we largely do not own our world. Man, perhaps, is occupying a loaned or borrowed territory that he must give back to the Owner in due time.
More importantly, COVID-19 has exposed human's limited knowledge of his environment. Prior to this pandemic, there was no tip-off from both religious and scientific quarters about its imminence or ravages.
The world was living her life. Countries were making fiscal policies. Churches made prophecies that 2020 was going to be an exceptional year. Scientists were reaping the praise for their previous breakthroughs. Politicians were cooking up tactics to hold onto power. No one saw this coming. It teaches us that as intelligent and ingenious as man is, his knowledge and wisdom are limited, just as his sights are short.
Global economies crumbled. Monetary value increased geometrically. Oil, the white geese that laid the golden egg, lost its value. COVID-19 exposed man's linear mentality which could be subdued by a heavier unknown force. Just as individuals who failed to diversify their income base have been left helpless after losing their jobs to the virus, COVID-19 has humbled nations that had all their eggs in one basket.
Countries that prioritized administrative maladies over good governance have paid heavily for it. The neglect of the health sector, the porous and lackluster policies that define our health care system have met us face-to-face.
No one; not even the leaders who insured their lives in hospitals abroad escaped from this self-made mess.
Yet, it teaches us that home is the safest haven. We must however treat home with the best respect that it deserves. We must understand that we can't give what we don't have. The man who called home a devil's town shall return to meet the devils.
Anambra 2021 Guber: More Anambra Lawmakers Root  For Soludo
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-06 06:52:50CategoriesPolitics State Professor Charles Soludo’s political ambition to be the next governor of Anambra State  has received the endorsement of the member representing Aguata Two Constituency in the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Okechukwu Okoye. The endorsement, which took place at an event hosted by Honourable Okoye in honour of Professor Soludo, attracted traditional rulers and community leaders in the area, members of the State Executive Council and the Legislature, Youth representatives, among other dignitaries.   In their separate remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman for Aguata Local Government Area, Honourable Eche Ezeibe, APGA stakeholder in the area, Engineer Dom Okafor, Coordinator of Soludo Support Group in Anambra North, Chief Chris Okonkwo and his Anambra Central counterpart, Comrade Ochije Muodili, called on APGA faithful in the area to increase grassroot mobilization to ensure that a saleable candidate in the person of Professor Soludo succeeds Governor Obiano, for the purpose of sustaining tempo of development in the State.   The host, Honourable Okoye, who is the Anambra State House Committee Chairman on Information, noted that Professor Soludo has grassroot acceptance and what it takes to consolidate on the gains of the Obiano administration in the State.   Reacting, Professor Soludo, who thanked all for their continued support, promised to continue on the strong footprints of the Obiano administration, describing APGA as a party committed to deepening Democracy in the State and the nation at large.   A silent moment was observed in honour of party faithful who lost their lives when a fellow contestant went to purchase APGA Nomination and Expression of Interest Form for the Anambra Governorship election. 
World Environment Day: Anambra State Govt Cautions Against Deforestation
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2021-06-06 06:46:02CategoriesState The United Nations Environmental Program projects has projected that restoration of Ecosystem will help to eliminate poverty and tackle climate change thus the inevitable human participation in the quest to restoring the environment.   It is in the light of the above that the Anambra State Environment Commissioner Honourable Obi Nwankwo urged Ndi Anambra to eschew any form of deforestation and embrace afforestation in order to restore the ecosystem.   This he said during the 2021 world environment day celebration held in Awka.   Chidinma Ikeanyionwu was there and  reports thatt he Environment Commissioner represented by the Desk Officer Home Grown Feeding Programme in the Ministry, Mrs Juliana Edochie, noted that to sustain the environment one must key into the state government's 'Ugbo Azu Uno' initiative hence promoting healthy environmental activities.   The Permanent Secretary in the Ministry Dr Emma Okafor said that the theme of this year Day 'Ecosystem Restoration", aimed to prevent, halt and reverse the degradation of ecosystem in Anambra and to raise awareness on the urgent need to safeguard natural habitats.  He noted that the greatest problem of the environment is erosion and soil degradation calling on all to desist from activities that would shrink the last mast.   Mr Emeka Achebe, the Communication Officer, Nigeria Erosion and Watershed Management Project NEWMAP, commended the state government on its numerous policies which are ecofriendly even as he charged citizens to be more pragmatic with issues affecting their environment.   In a paper presentation the Director News and Current Affairs Department, Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mr Gab Okpalaeze who spoke on the role of the media in climate change to include mass mobilization said it is the work of the media to disseminate information about the environment in possible and easiest way for better understanding by the masses.   Others who spoke included the Coordinator Earth, Environment and Climate Change Ambassador EECCA, Mr Mike Opia who collaborated with the Anambra State Ministry of Environment to commemorate this year's world environment day. 
FG Moves To Prosecute Violators Of Ban On Twitter Operations
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-06 06:42:36CategoriesNigeria The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mallam Abubakar Malami, SAN, has directed the Director of Public Prosecution of the Federation to begin immediate prosecution of those who violate the Federal Government’s order suspending Twitter operations in Nigeria. The Minister’s spokesman, Mr Umar Gwandu, disclosed this in a statement titled, ‘Twitter ban Malami orders prosecution of offenders. The Federal Government had last Friday ordered all internet service providers to suspend Twitter. However, many Nigerians have been using the Virtual Private Networks to circumvent the ban. 
Govt Technical College Nkpor Wins 2021 National School Entrepreneurship Competition And Exhibition In Asaba, Delta State
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-06 06:38:27CategoriesState Government Technical College Nkpor in Idemili North Local Government Area has clinched the first position in the just concluded 2021 National School Entrepreneurship's Competition and Exhibition held at Asaba, Delta State.  By this development, the school will now represent Nigeria in the International competition slated for Dubai in August. 
Network Of Reproductive Health Journalists Of Nigeria Seeks Adequate Protection Of Nigerian Child
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-06-06 06:35:17CategoriesState A case has been made for a collective effort and commitment to ensuring a better society for the Nigerian-child. This was the outcome of a one-day programme to mark Children's Day activities organized by the Network of Reproductive Health Journalists of Nigeria, Anambra State Chapter in collaboration with Redeemed Christian Church of God, House of Grace Parish, Amenyi-Awka.  Correspondent, Blessing Uchendu  reports that while  speaking at the programme, the Anambra State Co-ordinator of Network of Reproductive Health Journalists of Nigeria, Mrs Queen Anigbogu, who discussed "Sex Education and how to Identify Pedophiles", advised parents to start early to let their children know what sex education is all about, teach their children and wards the real names of genital organs and not phony names and that children should be taught that some parts of their bodies are private and should be treated as such. Mrs Anigbogu further advised the children to always dress properly and be mindful of the friends they keep to help curb sexual molestation.  On her part, the Pastor in charge of the parish, Abumchukwu Igboko, reminded the children that they are vessel unto honor and should not allow any man defile them and charged their parents to always teach and direct them in the way of God. Another speaker, Mr Chris Ojomah, who spoke on the importance of becoming a better citizen in the society, advised parents to encourage their children to learn skills even while in school, especially during holidays  as well as see it as a responsibility to properly guide their children in making the right career choice. One of the children's tutors  Mrs Chinelo Nwigbo, promised that they will continue to inculcate sound morals into them to help them live responsible life. Some of the children,  including Nmesoma Chukanwigbo and Chiagozie Ikeorah, acknowledged  the impact of the lessons of the programme which they assured they would put into practice, and prayed God to bless the organizers of the programme. 
Anambra Lawmaker Ibida Tasks Communities On Preservation Of Environment
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-06 06:29:35CategoriesState The Chairman Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs Dr Peter Ibida has called on Presidents-General and Community Leaders across the State, to join hands with the government in the ongoing effort to preserve the environment. Dr Ibida, who is also the member representing Njikoka Constituency Two at the Anambra State House of Assembly made the call while featuring on ABS Radio programme as part of activities  lined up to mark the 2021 world environment day celebration. Dr Ibida while regretting the negative attitude of the people towards the environment cautioned them against indiscriminate dumping of refuse, reminding them of the need to always clear drainages especially this raining season to avoid flooding. Dr Ibida, commended the Obiano administration for series of programmes towards safeguarding the environment and cautioned the people against indiscriminate felling of trees. Another guest on the programme who is the Permanent Secretary Anambra State Ministry of Environment Dr Emmanuel Okafor who said that the world environment day is a day set aside by the United Nations to create awareness and action aimed at preserving the environment advised the people to always engage on those acts that will protect the environment. World environment day was established in 1972 to remind the people that nature should not be taken for granted. The theme for this year is re-imagine, recreate and restore, as this year marks the beginning of the United Nations decade of restoration 2021-2030. Some callers to the programme commended the Anambra State government for all its environment friendly policies calling for sustenance. 
Anambra NUJ Lauds Traditional Rulers, Community Leaders On Contributions To Security
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-06 06:26:55CategoriesState Anambra State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists NUJ, has commended Traditional Rulers and Community leaders in Anambra State for synergizing with Security agencies, through intelligence and information gathering towards security of life and property in their respective domains and urged them not to relent. In a communiqué issued at the end of its Monthly congress at the Godwin Ezeemo International Press Centre in Awka, the Union also commended the Anambra State Police Command and other security Agencies in the State for their efforts in crime fighting and for repelling recent attacks on some infrastructure in the State and urged them to sustain the effort in order to rid the State of criminal elements and return the State to its crime-free status. Anambra State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists condemned recent cases of jungle justices and extra judicial killings in the State describing such actions as uncivilized. It commended politicians in the State for their peaceful conduct so far and urged them to sustain the spirit as they approach the party primaries and the Governorship election in order to guarantee a crisis free and successful poll in the State. The communiqué which was jointly signed by the Chairman of the State council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists Mr Emmanuel Ifesinachi and Secretary Mr Emma Udeagha advised practicing Journalists in the State to always balance their reports before publication and be security conscious. 
Commentary: World Environment Day Celebration
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-05 07:24:47CategoriesColumnist The World Environment Day is celebrated every year on fifth June to raise awareness and encourage environmental protection. The theme for 2021 World Environment Day is, “Ecosystem Restoration”.
Ecosystem restoration can take many forms. Growing trees, greening cites through planting of shrubs and flowers, rewilding gardens and change diet or cleaning up of rivers and coast through de-silting. Thus, this year, World Environment Day is to be hosted by Pakistan.
As man’s population increases, there is the fear of a proportional increase in the restoration of the ecosystem because of the constant compulsion to satisfy his needs. It is for this reason that the theme for the 2021 Environment Day celebration is relevant, if man’s existence on earth is to be sustained.
For a nation like Nigeria, where little regard has been given to Urban and Regional Planning, this year’s celebration is an opportunity to emphasize on the need for appropriate Physical Planning development in our urban and rural areas.
In Anambra State, Town Planning through the Physical Planning Board, has been contributing its own quota in the Ecosystem restoration. In its approval of building permits, 15% of the land space is mandatory for the developer to plant tree and shrubs. This is to absorb rain water and decrease the volume of run-off, which is the principle actor in soil erosion.
Town planners ensure the implementation of Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) Decree No 88 of 1992 over all of a mandatory development projects. This provides opportunity to remedy any distorted ecosystem as a result of new developments.
Town Planners make development plans and layout schemes among others to guide developers. They provide spaces for site and services to give comfort and convenience to the users. They also ensure proper landscaping among developers to accommodate climate change effects and ecosystem balance.
There is no doubt that through the respect for the principles and practice of urban and regional planning, man can begin to regain the sanity and sanctity of his ecosystem. We must, therefore, invigorate the growing of trees in all neighbourhoods in addition to observe town planning development rules.
They include but not limited to setbacks, building coverage and landscaping features. While joining the rest of the world to mark the 2021 World Environment Day, the Nigeria Institute of Town Planners (NITP) enjoys governments at all levels to abide by the principles and practice of Urban and Regional Planning.
They should lead in showing good examples, first in the way public buildings and facilities, as well as infrastructures are planned, before being developed. This is in order to promote Ecosystem Restoration, which is a major step towards achieving livability and sustainability of our cities and communities.
The Nigeria Institute of Town Planners, Anambra State Chapter, wishes Anambra state, Nigeria and the rest of the World Happy World Environment Day.
WRITTEN BY EMMA IFENEDEBE
Black Friday In Awka As Lorry Crushes Many To Death
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-05 07:19:53CategoriesState A lorry conveying cattle yesterday afternoon lost control ramming into vehicles obeying traffic light at the Kwata junction Awka, killing yet-to-be ascertained number of persons and leaving many in pools of blood. According to eye witnesses, the lorry, with registration number 'Plateau JJNN-59YZ' lost control of its speed and rammed into more than five cars waiting for traffic light.  Unconfirmed reports also said that pedestrians, including those doing brisk businesses at the traffic point were said to be among those that lost their lives, while some occupants of the vehicles involved also lost their lives. About five cars involved in the mishap were damaged beyond repair, while bodies of the dead and injured were taken away by men of the Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC.  Security agents including men of the Nigerian Army, Nigeria Police Force and Department of State Security were seen at the accident spot trying to stop possible criminal activities. The incident also caused serious gridlock along the affected side of the crash, with many road users trapped for hours waiting for the fire to be put out. Men of the Anambra Fire Service also later arrived at the scene escorted by security agents in a bid to extinguish the fire.  As at the time of filing this report, there was no confirmed report on the accurate number of persons involved in the tragedy, but irate youths had already set the lorry ablaze, alongside many cattle aboard it.  Attempts to get interviews from both eyewitnesses and voluntary emergency workers at the scene were turned down.  
Police Council Confirms Usman Baba Substantive IGP
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-05 07:13:48CategoriesNigeria The Police Council has confirmed Usman Baba as the substantive Inspector General of Police. Minister of Police Affairs, Alhaji Maigari Dingyadi, who confirmed the development at the end of the one and half hours meeting, presided over by President Muhammadu Buhari, said he was unanimously confirmed. The minister said Buhari directed him to ensure insecurity is brought to the barest minimum. President Buhari had on April sixth, appointed Usman Baba as the Acting Inspector General of Police. IGP Baba was until his promotion, a Deputy Inspector General of Police. 
Obiano Appoints Chike Maduekwe Special Adviser On  Digital Economy
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-05 07:12:16CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has appointed Barrister Chike Maduekwe as his Special Adviser on Digital Economy. The appointment, which took effect from June, 2021, is part of measures to introduce a new lease of advancement in digital economy in Anambra State. Government House Correspondent reports that according to Barrister Maduekwe said his appointment is in tandem with advice by the Nigeria Communication Commission to state governors, to implement the National Digital Economic Policy and Strategy as well as the Broadband Plan. According to Barrister Maduekwe, who is also the Executive Chairman of Anambra State Physical Planning Board, implementation of the National Digital Economic Policy and Strategy, as well as the Broadband Plan will ensure that Anambra State provide telecom infrastructures such as ducts as they plan cities and towns. While expressing gratitude to the governor for such confidence, Barrister Maduekwe recalled that Governor Obiano had waived the right of way fees for telcos in the state, a strategy aimed at attracting telcos, who are willing to help Anambra develop infrastructure that will support the emerging digital economy, revealing that the move is already yielding positive results as companies, who prepared to partner the state, are free to do so now. He emphasized that the benefits of a fully functional digital economy are enormous, pointing out that one component of the digital economy is that well planned cities open new revenue streams for government and prevents roads, water pipes, bridges and other infrastructures from unnecessary destruction. He stressed that conversation about digital economy is incomplete without broadband access at speed and cost that many can afford, which was why Anambra hosted the broadband conference recently. The federal government had earlier launched the National Digital Economic Policy and strategy 2020-2030, followed up by the new National Broadband Policy appealing to states to take urgent steps to domesticate the policies. 
FG/IFAD VCDP Take Pre-season Training To Farmers In Orumba North And South Council Areas
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-06-05 07:09:52CategoriesState Orumba North and South council areas have taken their turn of the pre-season step down training organized by the FG/IFAD VCDP for farmers across the eight participating council areas of Anambra State. The step down training, which took place at Ajali, Orumba North Council headquarters, attracted cluster leaders and Extension Agents from the two council areas. Agric correspondent, Ebele Ezeh reports that whilea addressing the participants, the state Programme Coordinator, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Nnamdi Agwuncha announced that they will commence the disbursement of farm inputs to benefiting farmers next week. Mr. Agwuncha, represented by the state Agric Production Officer, Mr. Emmanuel Chukwukwelu, who described the exercise as an annual ritual, explained that due to the economic effects of COVID-19, Anambra State under the FGN/IFAD VCDP received inputs for only six hundred and ten hectares of Rice and Cassava farms out of which, the newly joined council areas will take eighty to ninety percent. He however charged them to listen attentively, garner more knowledge on the best agronomic practices in Rice and Cassava farming and most importantly further step down the knowledge garnered to their members for more ripple effects.  On his part, the state Agro Technician, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Ifeanyi Okoye, while calling for the establishment of a demonstration farm for practical knowledge sharing, charged them to totally abide by due process in their farming activities so as to achieve the state’s target of ten tons per hectare of Rice farm and forty tons per hectare of Cassava farm. Stepping down the training proper, the resource persons and Extension Agent for Orumba South local government area, Mr. Toney Okeke, and his Orumba North counterpart, Mrs. Ngozi Nwankwor, while taking participants on Cassava and Rice value chains production and postharvest activities, tasked them to first of all, prepared a business plan, select good site, keep record of all their farming activities and most importantly, enter into cooperative society for easy access to information, inputs, credit, group training and market. For some of the participants, including Mr. Chiamaobi Okoli, a Rice farmer from Ndiokpalaeze, Orumba North Local Government Area and Mrs. Ngozi Muoneme, Secretary Ogboji farmers cluster, Orumba South Local Government Area, described the training as a refresher course even as they assured to further step it down to their members. 
Anambra Commerce Commissioner Okafor Cautions Against Building On Waterways
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-06-05 07:03:58CategoriesState There are different seasons in the year and each season presents its own challenges.   Rainy season is one of the seasons, which has the danger of flooding, if adequate steps are not taken.   In this special report, staff reporter Njideka Okoye takes a look at some of the causes and dangers of flooding and measures to avert it, as rainy season sets in.   Standing out as a causative factor of flooding is the erection of structures across water channels and blocking of drainages with refuse dumps.   Baring his mind on the development, the Anambra state Commissioner for Commerce, Industry and Wealth Creation, Mr. Uchenna Okafor said the state government through his Ministry has taken proactive measures to ensure desilting of drainages and water channels in markets, roads, streets, and communities across the state to ensure free flow of flood.   Commissioner Okafor stated that building of shops on drainages and converting of water channels to shops are illegal, reminding perpetrators of such acts that state government's ban on street trading is still effective and warned that appropriate penalty awaits defaulters.   He urged residents of the state to always desilt their drainages and not to convert water channels to refuse bin to avoid flooding in their areas.   For the Chairman Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa, they have made it a policy during approval to discourage prospective builders from building on water channels.   He further listed the consequences of going contrary to the rules which includes, immediate removal of the structure and other sanctions and advised prospective builders to follow government guidelines.   A trader, Mrs. Joy Enendu, said dumping of refuse inside drainages is wrong and advised people to use recycle bins placed at strategic places to avoid littering of environment and blockage of drainages for the good of everyone. 
Anambra  2021: INEC  Gives  Political Parties June 10 To July 1 To Conduct Primaries
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-05 07:02:01CategoriesNigeria State The Independent National Electoral Commission,  INEC,  has asked political parties interested in participating in the Anambra State Governorship election holden on sixth November, twenty twenty one to conduct the or primaries for the nomination of candidates between tenth June and first July twenty twenty one. A statement signed by the National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye, said the Commission, had written to all the political parties that indicated interest in conducting party primaries and sponsoring candidates for the election on their responsibilities and obligations.  The obligations include that political parties seeking to nominate candidates must hold direct or indirect primaries and forward name of the aspirant with the highest number of votes at the end of voting to the Commission as the candidate of the Party.   It said Section four five one and two of the INEC Regulations and Guidelines for the Conduct of Political Party primaries requires political parties holding direct primaries to make the list of their members available for inspection by monitors from the Commission as well as their aspirants and party members whereas parties that opt for indirect primaries, the list of delegates must be made available to the Commission as well as aspirants at least seven days before the conduct of primaries.  The statement further noted that Section nine one and two of the Regulations and Guidelines require political parties to make available to the Commission the list of aspirants seeking nomination to contest for elective offices as well as the list of members of the election committee of the party conducting the primaries. It enjoined Political parties to conduct valid primaries and avoid acrimonious, opaque and skewed primaries leading to avoidable litigation and that as such, political parties must screen their candidates well warning that any political party that submits the name of a candidate who does not meet the qualification as stipulated in the law shall be guilty of an offence and may be proceeded against by the Commission. 
Anambra Library Board Targets More Innovative Services To Consolidate On Achievements
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-05 06:59:50CategoriesState The Director of Anambra State Library Board, Dr. Nkechi Udeze has restated the determination of the Board to introduce more innovative services to consolidate on the achievements recorded so far.   Speaking in Awka, Dr. Udeze noted that the Evergreen Award won by the state recently is a testimony that the state Library is setting the pace for others in the country.   Paul Ezeoke  filed the report Dr. Udeze explained that the Best Public Library Award competition is open to all public libraries in the Country and Anambra state won it in 2018, 2019, and 2020 and is the first and only state that has achieved such feat in the country.   She said the state Library Board won the awards through innovative services it has been able to initiate and integrate in the society as well as sustaining existing ones which she said have made the Board very visible in the society.   According to Dr. Udeze, the state Library Board over the years has continued to scale up services, including going to villages to create awareness on cancer and other health challenges as well as leadership promotion campaign, noting that people are now aware of the need for cancer screening to ensure early dictation, adding that the services are not only to communities with libraries but also others where libraries are yet to be established.   She said the Kenneth Dike E- Library provides hybrid services, including digital and traditional services for all classes of people of all ages.   In her reaction, a retired teacher, Mrs. Roseline Chukwuka commended the board for effective and efficient service delivery and efforts towards restoring reading culture, especially among youths. 
NAUTH Holds Awareness Campaign On Clubfoot At Oba Idemili South Council Area
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-06-05 06:56:56CategoriesState Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital has held an awareness and sensitizing campaign on clubfoot, as International Community marks World clubfoot day.   The sensitization which was held at the Trauma Orthopedic Center Oba, was to expand knowledge on the child deformity as well as supporting their families.  World clubfoot day which is marked on every third June annually, is set aside by the International Community to commemorate the birthday of Dr. Ignacio Ponseti, whose instrumentality through Ponseti method has recorded ninety percent successes in correcting the deformity which occurs due to precipitating factor.   Addressing participants at the event, an assistant Chief Nursing Officer, Dr. Benice Ogolo, who exposed caregivers on practical procedures and steps in correction of the treatable disease, said that building capacity through knowledge transfer will proffer idea in handling the deformity and noted that the consequences of the disease if left untreated, could retard life.   She revealed that massive support from Straight Child Foundation and Miracle Feet has transformed many lives.  For a resource person and Specialist Registrar, Dr. Dubem Awachie, such awareness has not benefited the rural dwellers and dismissed the issue of traditional bone setting and encouraged caregivers to strengthen the course of the treatable condition.   Contributing, the Chief Consultant Orthopedic Surgeon of the hospital, Dr. Anthony Ugezu, said that the abnormality has no genetic correspondent, as he attributed ignorance and poverty as the major challenge, facing the people about the deformity.   Some parents, thanked the sponsors of the programme for alleviating the plight of their children.   Correspondent, Odinaka Nwolisa reports that the Head of Department, Oba Trauma Center Dr. Christopher Chukwuka also spoke during the event. 
Commentary: OPEC And Stability In The International Oil Market
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-04 06:56:05CategoriesColumnist The Secretary-General of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), Dr. Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo, says the body will partner the Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA), in developing Nigeria’s oil and gas sector. Dr. Barkindo stated this in Abuja shortly after receiving an award of exemplary public and international service career from NACCIMA.
Dr Barkindo, represented by the Organization’s Media consultant and Immediate past Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation NNPC, Mr. Ndu Ughammadu, MFR, Ogene Nibo and Omeligbo Nri, commended NACCIMA for its contributions to the growth and rapid industrialization of Nigeria, calling for its sustenance.
No doubt, the prestigious award to the Secretary-General of OPEC by NACCIMA is a big leap for the international organization. Since its formation in September, 1960, OPEC has attached great importance to its responsibility of providing front line energy source, towards ensuring a stable, secure and well-managed oil sector.
Actually, the very first resolution of the organization aims to achieve stable oil prices with a view to eliminating harmful and unnecessary fluctuations, a steady income for producing nations, an efficient, economic and regular supply of petroleum to consuming nations, and a fair return on their capital to investors. Dr Barkindo has ensured that these principles have provided the statutory beacon for the organization’s actions in the market ever since.
As manager of men and resources, Dr. Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo has assured that OPEC remains committed to ensuring stable, secure and reasonably priced supplies of crude oil to the market at all times. It is clear, however, that with such big, costly and lengthy undertakings in mind, security of supply needs to go hand-in-hand with security of demand, and reasonable prices need to prevail. The overall goal is for all stakeholders to focus on improving international oil business, cooperation and transparency, to provide a stable setting in which investments and expansion flourish.
The Secretary-General has also ensured that the organization would foster cooperation among other oil-producing nations. This reaching out to other industry stakeholders is specifically geared towards achieving its longstanding objectives focused on market order and stability.
OPEC has also ensured that its member countries are able, at all times, to meet the world’s steadily growing demand for clean, safe petroleum in a stable, well-ordered market, founded upon transparency, equity and a readiness for constructive dialogue.
Under the Secretary-General of OPEC, policy decisions and actions have, not only rescued oil prices and restored stability to a very volatile market, but have also been instrumental in bringing about conditions that have supported the global economic recovery.
Looking back at the recent award given to the Secretary-General by NACCIMA, one will make bold to say that the cap fits him well. With something as complex and unpredictable as the international oil market and the underlying forces and pressures that affect its direction, Dr. Barkindo has continued to pursue the path of cooperation and stability in the challenging years.
Notwithstanding the challenges facing the organizing, the Secretary General has also continued with a policy aimed at creating harmony and stability in the international oil market for the benefit of the producers, the consumers, the investors and the global economy at large.
Furthermore, the Secretary-General of OPEC, Dr. Sanusi Barkindo, has helped to transform the organization to international best practices. That explained why the National President of NACCIMA, Hajia Saratu Iya Aliyu, described him, during the conferment of the award, as a humble and honest diplomat, credited with restoring market stability on a global scale.
Since his appointment on August 1, 2006 and his re-election to another three year term on July 2, 2019, Dr. Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo of Nigeria has continued to solidify the OPEC’s mission and vision. No wonder NACCIMA found him worthy for the recent award.
Mrs Obiano Empowers More Persons In Anambra Under CAFE
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-04 06:53:00CategoriesState Wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder çof the charity organization, dldlkñ Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano has empowered three hundred persons trained by CAFE, under different skill-based vocations. The three hundred persons, mostly indigent women, widows, youths and the physically challenged, y5 undergone a 5r-week intensive training at the Chike Okoli Centre for Entrepreneurship Studies, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka.  The training began in 2020 with the empowerment already scheduled to follow up but both fixtures were temporarily suspended because of the deadly incursion of COVID-19. The three hundred persons, who were trained on hairdressing and beauty therapy, bead making, soap making, bakery and confectionery, tailoring and fashion design, information and communication technology, among others went home with start-up tools and capital for each of their designated skill areas and cash to ferry their equipment home.  Addressing the beneficiaries, Dr. Mrs. Obiano said despite the current economic downturn, which has made both straining and empowerment costlier, her NGO would never leave out the basic aspect of the programme, which according to her, is to give the beneficiaries a upractical starting point. She praised the graduands for successfully completing their, to go out to the business world and make maximum economic impact for themselves and for the society and also commended the managers of Chike Okoli Centre for Entrepreneurial Studies for their support in making the programme richer.  In her speech, the commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, said that the governor's wife has exhibited a lifetime charity example even at a time her husband's administration is winding down For CAFE Programme Manager and Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, Mr. Emeka Ozumba, Dr. Mrs. Obiano's penchant for benevolence is a show of passion, noting that despite the challenges of COVID-19, she remained insistent on keeping what has become a record schedule. The Deputy Director, Chike Okoli Centre for Entrepreneurial Studies, Professor Ngozi Ijeomah, in her remarks, noted that the biggest life's investment is equipping humanity to cater for itself independently, a vision that the governor's wife has lived, and urged the beneficiaries to tap into the vast entrepreneurial opportunities in the society.  Dignitaries, who addressed the graduating students including the state Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Professor Theresa Obiekezie, the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice, Dr. Onyeka Ibezi, Igwe Rowland Odegbo of Nteje, that of Aguleri, Igwe Michael Idigo, urged the beneficiaries to see the gesture as a socio-economic liberation with expectation that they would use their experience to trigger financial independence ripple effect. Some of the beneficiaries, Mrs. Gladys Anero-Jideani and Miss Nnadozie Genevieve both from Anambra East Local Government Area, Comrade Ifeyinwa Ilonanya from Awka South, Chibuzor Onyeka, and Mrs. Eunice Anumba the overall best graduating student, said special prayers for the governor's wife and promised to capitalize on the opportunity availed to them to develop themselves and add value to the society.  Members of the state executive council, transition committee chairmen and other top government functionaries, were also in attendance. The current beneficiaries, the twelfth batch, bring the number of persons trained and empowered so far by CAFE since it became a registered charity body in August, 2014 to five thousand five hundred. 
Anglican Diocese Of  Aguata Ends Synod, Asks FG  To Tackle Insecurity
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-06-04 06:43:34CategoriesState The first session of the sixth synod of the Anglican Diocese of Aguata has ended with a call on the Federal Government to beef up security to guarantee the safety of the citizenry. In an eleven point communiqué issued at the end of the synod held at Saint John the Divinely 5 Church Oko, Orumba North Local Government Area, it regretted the high rate of extra judicial killings especially in the southern part of the country and called for measures to check the ugly trend. Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigbata reports that the synod lauded Southern Governors on their unanimous decision to ban open grazing in their various states and urged them to enact statutes to provide the appropriate legal framework to ensure effective implementation and enforcement. It calls on the government to revamp the nation's economy in addition to creating more employment opportunities for the teeming youths to divert their minds from crime and restiveness. The synod decried what it called studied marginalization of the South East Geopolitical Zone in federal appointments, especially in the Judiciary and called for the adherence of Federal Character Principles in such appointments in the interest of Equity and Justice. It commended Governor Willie Obiano for the construction of Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport Umueri, which had witnessed test flight operations, noting that the project will go a long way in improving the revenue profile of the state in addition to creating jobs for the people. On the November Sixth Governorship election in Anambra State the Synod while supporting the zone arrangement, advised all aspirants, who are not from the Anambra South Senatorial District, to have a rethink in the interest of equity and fair play. The communiqué, signed by the president of the synod, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor and clerical Synod Secretary, Reverend Canon Decency Chine, called on various communities in Anambra State to be security conscious in addition to living in peace. 
Building Collapse : Family Of Six Escapes Death, Anambra Govt Revokes Land  At Amawbia, Awka South Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-04 06:41:21CategoriesState A family of six on Wednesday escaped death following the collapse of a two-story building at Amawbia bypass, Awka South Local Government Area. When the ABS arrived the scene of the incident, it gathered that the building owned by an Engineer, totally collapsed on a residential building and a shop. Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that amongst the six members of the trapped family, four sustained minor injuries while two were seriously injured and hospitalized.  ABS also observed that properties and goods worth over a million naira were also  lost to the incident. According to the Head of the trapped family Mr. Augustine Ikeji, who thanked God for saving his family especially his two years old daughter, who was buried by the debris, the incident happened around eleven o’clock in the night. On her part, the landlady of the affected residential building, Mrs. Amaka Okonkwo, a widow and the shop owner, whose goods were trapped by the collapsed building, Mr. Sunday Nwaezi blamed the incident on substandard materials, unveiling that the building started to give signs of collapse before its completion. Ub A tenant, Lady Ogechukwu Ndu frowned at the action of the collapsed building owner, whom she said absconded on hearing the incident, appealed to the state government to take action against him to serve as a deterrent to other substandard builders.  Speaking during his visit to the scene of the incident, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, ACTDA, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa described it as unfortunate, pointing out that the building was built without adequate approval from ASUDEB. Venerable Okwuosa, who revoked the ownership of the land said, it now belongs to Anambra State Government as contained in relevant sections of the state laws on building collapse. 
Obiano Assures Of Delivering Legacy Projects Before End Of Tenure
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-04 06:37:11CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has assured of delivering critical infrastructure, especially all his legacy projects before exiting office next year. Governor Obiano gave the assurance while inspecting the ongoing Anambra International Conference Center, ICC, and Awka City Stadium. Government House Correspondent Ejike Abana reports that ,the first place of call was the Awka City Stadium, where work inn progress, while the chairman of the state Sports Commission, Mr. Tony Oli, was on ground to receive the governor.  Similarly, the governor also visited the ICC, where it was observed that roofing is one hundred percent completed. Speaking, Governor Obiano, who stated his commitment to his vision and mission of making Anambra viable, expressed satisfaction at the pace of work and resolve by the contractors handling the ICC project. He equally expressed optimism that existence of the center will motivate Ndi Anambra, who are in the hospitality industry to explore more investment opportunities in the state, thereby growing the revenue profile and GDP of the state.  Conducting the governor and his entourage round the facility, the Commission for Housing, Architect Mike Okonkwo, gave detailed explanations of different aspects of the project including the foyer, pre-function areas, main exit hall, banking hall, commercial kitchen hall among others. UPSOT The contractor handling the project, Mr. Mark Tu explained that the ceiling hanger for the roof, acoustic ceiling, mounting of light cables, will commence soon, even as he disclosed that the lift and escalator, are already on ground and will be installed soon. Chairmen of the Traditional Rulers' Council in Anambra North, Central and South, senatorial districts, Igwe Ben Emeka, Igwe Augustine Oragwam and Igwe Samuel Obika commended the governor for his commitment and focus, assuring of their continued prayer and the support of their subjects. 
Anambra 2021 Guber: APGA Chieftain Anigbogu Urges Party  Members To Sustain Grassroots Mobilization
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-04 06:30:46CategoriesState APGA members have been urged to sustain grassroots mobilization and sensitization of the people on the incoming governorship election in the state.   The Special Adviser to the National Chairman of APGA on Election and Monitoring, Chief Titus Anigbogu who made the call in Awka charged Ndi Anambra to see participation in the electoral process as a civic responsibility.   Paul Ezeoke reports that  KddddddfffffdfcffdxffffxçfffdfxdfgChief Anigbogu who is also a former State Vice Chairman of APGA, Anambra South,  noted that APGA government has continued to provide purposeful and  focused leadership  with legacy projects, which have raised the bar of governance and upgraded quality of life across the state , as well as  built people's confidence and trust in the party, which he expressed optimism that it will play a huge role in the coming governorship election, assuring that the party will present a credible candidate, capable of taking the state to the next level.   Chief Anigbogu expressed satisfaction that the increase in the number of polling units in the state would discourage voter apathy, as more eligible voters would now be eager to participate in the electoral process without travelling long distances and would also reduce overcrowding in polling units as was the case in the past.   Also speaking, a former President General of Nnobi Town Union who is a medical practitioner, Dr. Mike Omenugha, called on the state electorate to participate actively in the electoral process to contribute towards sustaining good governance in the state.   According to Dr. Omenugha, the recent increase in number of polling units in the state by INEC would make voting points easily accessible to the people noting that mass participation in the voting process will discourage electoral fraud and enhance credibility of the exercise.   He called on INEC to ensure proper deployment of the new polling units to areas of need, especially parts of the State with higher number of voters and difficult to reach areas. 
Anambra Govt Reassures On Motivation Of Teachers To Sustain Quality Education
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-04 06:27:48CategoriesState The Anambra state Commissioner for Basic Education, Prof. Kate Omenugha says the current administration in the State is determined to giving Anambra children value-based education.   Professor Omenugha, who disclosed this while making presentation during the National Institute of Policy and Strategic Studies, Kuru, Senior Course Forty three one week study tour in the State, said that the Obiano administration looks at education from three critical areas, which are, infrastructure, teachers and children welfare.   Commissioner Omenugha further revealed that the successes recorded by students and pupils in the State, as well as teachers, are as a result of the priority placed on education by the current Anambra state government.   According to Prof. Omenugha, the Obiano administration believes that education is about ideology, as what you believe is what you profess, hence, the Anambra state shared values which the students and pupils in the State have in mind in anything they do.   The Education Commissioner assured that the State government will continue to motivate teachers in Anambra state through incentives and remunerations, in order to bring out the best in them, at all times.   Prof. Omenugha further revealed that Anambra state has one of the best Computer literate teachers in Nigeria, all geared towards sustaining an education system that is globally competitive.   She noted that the current APGA led Government is working hard to ensure that the education needs of all is met in Anambra, through equitable distribution of resources. 
Estate Developer  Mofunanya Urges Anambra Residents To Eschew Indiscriminate Dumping Of Wastes
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-04 06:25:23CategoriesState An environment enthusiast in Awka, Engineer Chuks-Michael Mofunanya has appealed to Ndi Anambra to stop indiscriminate dumping of waste in the State.   Engineer Mofunanya who made the appeal in Awka, while speaking to Newsmen, regretted that some residents of the State engage in indiscriminate disposing of waste, thereby causing unnecessary blockage of water channels.   The Estate developer appealed to residents of the State, especially in Awka, to always make use of all Government approved sites while disposing their refuse at all times.   Engineer Mofunanya blamed the indiscriminate disposing of waste in the State, as the major cause of flooding each time it rains and urged officials of Anambra State Waste Management Agency to increase their level of awareness and sensitization across the State.   He commended Governor Willie Obiano and Anambra state Ministry of Environment in their desire to entrench a clean and healthy environment. 
Commentary: The Role Of Parents In Moral Rejuvenation
AuthorIfy ObinaboDate2021-06-03 07:27:15CategoriesColumnist No doubt, if not for our parents, none of us would be where we are today. Although we may not always see or stay together, the love and wisdom parents instill upon us is something that can never be forgotten.
The importance of parents can be seen in the way they support our lives. Parents are the only ones who show unconditional love. They play biggest role in our development. Whether it is in our mental, physical, social, financial or career development, parents help their children in every step of their lives.
When we are young, our parents prepare us for the future challenges. When we make mistakes, they are our teachers. Parents bear the brunt of many challenges in the family.
As the anchors of the family and the foundation of our communities and societies, parents have the responsibility of sheltering their families from harm, caring for out-of-school children and, at the same time, continuing their work responsibilities. Without support from parents, children’s health, education and emotional well-being is at risk.
It is heartening therefore that, in Anambra state, in the midst of many challenges bedeviling the family, Governor Willie Obiano (Akpokuedike Global) has continued to show love to our parents by ensuring that the adverse effects of socio-economic and political challenges are reduced on the family.
The alert governor has continued to push the bars of limitation by ensuring prompt payment of salaries to parents, to ensure that they meet their obligations. Akpokuedike has ensured sustenance of good maternal and child healthcare programmes, and ensured that increasing number of parents benefit from the Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme ASHIA and other lofty programmes of government.
In addition, the wife of the Governor, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano (Osodieme) has continued to blaze the trail by providing Psycho-Socio Support, recognizing that skill provides a sustainable pathway out of poverty, using her pet project, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFÉ, to train and empower more than 5,000 Ndi Anambra in various Skills, built over 27 houses for indigent widows and more than 50 boreholes & toilet facilities across various markets in the State.
The first family in the state equally took care of other health challenges of families by providing prosthetic limbs to families among others.
Children are gifts from God and there are responsibilities expected of parents towards their children. Unfortunately, not all parents are responsible to their children, hence the rising trend of moral decadence in our today society.
Thus, the ultimate goal of parents should be to lay foundation in their children's young impressionable years. The goal of godly parenting is to help children want to walk in the footsteps of parents.
Most parents claim to fear God but the issue is how many are truly who they claim to be? You do not train children with words but by actions. Young children's perception of God is primarily developed by their parents’ example; the way they live. We cannot hope to rear godly children, if we, as parents, are not genuine godly examples.
The family is the place where children learn values, hard-work, character, and what is most important in life. Society thrives when families are strong and when the principles they cultivate inform the daily choices and personal conduct of their members.
If the increasing moral decadence in our society must be reduced, parents must apply good principles in training their children. Therefore, let parents bequeath to their children not rules, but the spirit of reverence. The best inheritance a parent can give his child is a few minutes of his time each day. Above all, there is no such thing as a perfect parent. So, just be a real parent.
Senate  Asks DPR To Clamp Down On Illegal Roadside Retailers Of LPG
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-03 07:23:08CategoriesNigeria The Senate has urged the Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR) to clamp down on illegal roadside retailers of Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG), to enhance safety in the country. The resolution was sequel to a motion moved by Senator Ibikunle Amosun (APC-Ogun state) during plenary.   The senate equally mandated its Committees on Gas and Industries to investigate the cause of the recent cases of Gas explosions in Ogun, other states and the Federal Capital Territory.   This, it said was in order to find permanent and sustainable solutions that would save the lives of the people, and report back to the Senate. Moving the motion, Amosun said that natural gas found in abundance in the Country had continued to gain acceptance among most homes in Nigeria as it was used for cooking and welding. Senator Amosun said that this essential commodity if not well managed and regulated, could be a curse rather than a blessing because of the loss of lives and destruction of properties that were usually associated with it. 
Federal Lawmaker Ezenwankwo Joins Anambra Governorship Race
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-03 07:21:10CategoriesNigeria Politics State In the same vein, the member representing Orumba North and South Federal Constituency, Honourable Okwudili Ezenwankwo has equally joined the race for the Anambra Governorship Election scheduled for November six, 2021.   The House of Representatives member who picked the Nomination and Expression of Interest Forms from the National Secretariat of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA,  in Abuja, expressed optimism that he will fly the party’s flag after the primary election.   He noted that a free, fair and credible primary election will be the unifying point for the party in the forthcoming election.  According to Hon. Ezenwankwo, he will work with anybody chosen to fly the party's flag in  a free and fair primary election to ensure victory of the party.   Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja Bureau reports that the lawmaker was accompanied by some of his supporters who were optimistic that their choice is the best for Anambra State and the party. 
Works Commissioner Ifejiofor Reassures Of  Completion Of State Airport Project On Schedule
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-03 07:18:19CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor has restated that the State government will complete the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport as scheduled.   Engineer Ifejiofor made this known while addressing members of the National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies, Senior Course forty-three, who were in the State for one week study tour.   Making presentation on the achievements of the Obiano administration under his ministry, especially the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, Engineer Ifejiofor told the participants that the airport which is a sole project of the Anambra state government will be delivered as scheduled, as the State government is highly determined to deliver to Ndi Anambra, one of the best international Airports in Sub-Saharan Africa.   Engineer Ifejiofor maintained that the speed at which the airport is being built is predicated on the prompt payment of contractors and workers in the airport by the Obiano administration as well as the governor's friendly disposition towards the workers at the airport site.   Earlier, while welcoming the delegation, the Secretary to the State government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu gave an overview of the giant strides of the Obiano administration since it's inception in 2014 and assured the participants of the maximum cooperation of all the Ministries, Departments and Agencies in Anambra state.   The delegation was led by Dr. Ibrahim Chonji. 
Anambra Police Command Intensifies Measures To Rid  State  Of Hoodlums
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-03 07:15:15CategoriesState Anambra State Police Command has resolved to rid the state of hoodlums. Pursuant to achieving the target, it announced its readiness in partnership with the state government to strengthen, redesign a more technical measure and expertise to tackle insecurity by deploying additional personnel to strategic places within the state. The newly posted Assistant Inspector General, AIG, in charge of Zone 13, Ukpo, Mallam Garba Muhammad disclosed this when he paid a courtesy visit to Governor Willie Obiano at his Aguleri home. The AIG stressed the determination of the police to clamp down the command and control centers of hoodlums. Mallam Muhammad assured the public of confidentiality of information offered to them to assist their investigations. Receiving the delegation, Governor Obiano urged them to move into action in order to ensure prompt response to emergency situations and restore the confidence of the public in them. The governor promised to sustain the tempo of his support to them for effective service delivery. 
FG Increases Retirement Age Of  Doctors, Health Workers To  65 Years
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-03 07:13:49CategoriesHealth Nigeria The Federal Government has agreed to increase the retirement age of Doctors and other health workers from sixty to sixty-five years and seventy years for Consultants. The government also dangled an offer to increase hazard allowance of five thousand naira for all health workers in its health establishments across the country by three hundred and fifty per cent and six hundred per cent increments for junior and senior workers respectively. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige, announced these after a meeting between the Federal Government and representatives of all the professional bodies and unions in the health sector. A statement issued by the Deputy Director Press and Public Relations in the Ministry of Labour and Employment, Mr. Charles Akpan said the meeting, held at the Banquet Hall of the Presidential Villa Abuja, deliberated on the issue of hazard allowance and retirement age for health workers in government health establishments. 
Anambra Information Commissioner Adinuba Hosts NIPR, Reassures  Of  Free, Fair Credible Governorship Election
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-06-03 07:11:24CategoriesState Anambra State Government has assured not to leave any stone unturned in its quest to enthrone free, fair and credible elections on the November sixth gubernatorial poll. The Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-Don Adinuba, gave the assurance while playing host to members of the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations, NIPR, Anambra State Chapter, who called on him in his office at the Jerome Udoji state Secretariat, Awka. The members made up of Reputation Summit Planning Committee NIPR Anambra State Chapter, was led by their chairman, Dr. Ikenna Umeanolue. Addressing his guests, Mr. Adinuba described the theme of their summit as most appropriate and part of their own little way of contributing to the stability of Anambra State and the country in general. According to Commissioner Adinuba, everyone has benefited from the secured atmosphere in the state warning that the state will not tolerate any threat to the culture of peace it is known for. Earlier in his speech, Dr. Umeanolue, who explained that the visit was aimed at identifying with Commissioner Adinuba, said the group also came to inform him of its upcoming Reputation Summit with the theme, “Challenges of Insecurity in Nigeria, Implications for National Stability and Reputation. While commending Commissioner Adinuba for his efforts in the reputation management of Anambra State, Dr. Umeanolue noted that they consider the theme as important issue of discuss because of the situations in the present day Nigeria and commended Governor Willie Obiano for his efforts in contending with security situations in the state. In a vote of thanks, the Public Relations Executive of the Reputation Summit Planning Committee, Mr. Theophilus Ukoha, thanked the commissioner for hosting them and unveiled the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah, as the chairman of the summit. Among the delegation was the Vice-chairman, NIPR Anambra State Chapter, Sir Fidelis Umeh. 
Commentary: First Session Of The Fifth Synod Of The Anglican Diocese Of Amichi
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-02 07:48:11CategoriesColumnist Looking back at January 13, 2009 when the Anglican Diocese of Amichi was inaugurated, one would say that, even though the Diocese has not gotten to the promised land, yet it is no longer in the wilderness. The Bishop, Right Reverend Ephraim Okechukwu Ikeakor, during his maiden Synod address presented at Saint Stephen’s Church, Osumenyi in June 2009, outlined his four pillars of evangelism as:  Spiritual, Education, Agriculture and Health Care.
On healthcare, the Amichi Diocesan Hospital has received a facelift with the state of the art equipment installed, including an X-ray machine. The hospital, due to its capacity, has hosted, severally, free medical outreaches from within and outside the country with thousands receiving quality Medi-care. Mortality rate for women at childbirth has drastically reduced due to Oxygen piping from Labour room and theater to the Maternity ward in the hospital.
In the area of Education, the Diocese has educational institutions such as The Holy Child Convent, Amichi and Master’s Vessel Seminary, Osumenyi. Parents and guardians are bringing in their wards from every part of the nation and beyond to study in these schools.
All the mission schools returned by government have been put to very good conditions. Many have new school blocks erected, while others have been fenced round and gate installed. For instance, an 8-classroom block with the Headmistress office was constructed at Ekwulu-Unubi Central School Ekwulumili.
 
Furthermore, the College of Nursing Sciences, Diocesan Hospital, Amichi has been upgraded in consistent with the Nursing and Midwifery Council Nigeria guidelines. The school, on March 27, 2021, graduated her first set of 40 certified Nurses with many of the graduating Nurses bagging different awards in academics, and morals. The Diocese is stopping at nothing in her effort to start the school of Midwifery, which will come to fruition soon. Plans are on the way to establish more educational institutions in the diocese.
Spiritually, the Diocese has continually organized special programs to enhance the spiritual growth of her members. They include: Wailing Women Prayer Summit for the Females; First Borns Night for both male and female first born of every family; the Valentine Banquet for the Youths, and the Couples Banquet for the married.
Other programs are Covenant Sunday; Trumpet and Triumphant Night; Monthly Prayer Breakfast (which takes place on the first day of every month) and lot more. These programs have remolded the lives of many and brought many testimonies of God’s special miracles and visitations.
The Bishop, Right Reverend Ikeakor, hosts radio Evangelism in six radio stations covering the Southeast, part of South- South, and Middle Belt every week through the popular In Touch With God Radio Ministry.
The Diocese has taken welfare evangelism as a major cardinal point and has yearly catered for both the indigent members of the Diocese and widows. Also, numerous youths have benefitted from the scholarship scheme of the Diocese, which was instituted to aid the indigent youths both from the Diocese and outside the Diocese, Anglicans, and Non-Anglicans alike.
Following these achievements, the Diocese will, once again, gather at Saint Andrew’s Anglican, Church, Ebenator in Nnewi South Local Government to deliberate and make decisions that will move the Diocese to another level of development. Ebenator Archdeaconry, comprising Churches in Ebenator and Utuh towns, is hosting the 1st Session of the 5th Synod of The Anglican Diocese of Amichi.
The theme of the Synod, holding from Wednesday 2nd to Sunday, June 6, 2021 at St. Andrew’s Church Ebenator, is: Cross-less: Christianity a Contradiction of the Mandatory Demand of True Discipleship”.
The Bishop’s Presidential Address will be presented to the Synod on Saturday 5th June at 10:00am while the Synod Thanksgiving Service/Diocesan Project Launching comes up on Sunday 6th June.  We call on all to come and partner with the Bishop and Diocese financially to move the work of God forward. Jesus Christ has been and remains our SURE ANCHOR!
WRITTEN BY UGOCHUKWU UMEAKUANA
Senior Course 43 National Institute For Policy And Strategic Studies Kuru - Jos Arrives Anambra State For Study Tour 
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-02 07:42:55CategoriesState The National Institute for Policy and Strategic Studies, Kuru-Jos, Plateau state, Senior Course Forty-Three, has Visited Anambra state for One Week Study Tour.   The delegation was led by Dr. Ibrahim Chonji.  Explaining the essence of their visit, Dr. Ibrahim Chonji who said that the Institute is the apex Think Thank Agency of the Federal government, noted that they were mandated by President Muhammadu Buhari to study seven States in northern Nigeria and seven in southern part of  Nigeria, and that they have visited Sokoto state before they arrived Anambra.   Dr. Chonji noted that every year, the Institute meet for ten months in Kuru, to deliberate on pressing national issues with a view to providing practicable solutions and this year, President Buhari mandated them to go and study why the issue of implementation of policies and programmes of governments at various levels, remain one of the greatest problems bedeviling the Country.  Welcoming members of the Institute, the Secretary to the State government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu who thanked members of the Institute for the visit, gave an overview of what the Obiano administration has done since its inception in 2014.   Professor Chukwulobelu assured the participants that all the Ministries, Departments and Agencies in Anambra state will give them full and maximum cooperation.  The Anambra state Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha in her presentation tilted, " Engaging Nigeria Teachers in Technological Growth, Transformative Leadership, Issues, Challenges, Success stories and lessons learned" told the participants of the successes recorded in the Education sector, through technological advancements engineered by Governor Willie Obiano.   The Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor, his Information and Public Enlightenment counterpart, Mr. C. Don Adinuba, among others, equally made presentations, while Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala, that of Transport, Mr. Afam Mbanefo as well as  that of Agriculture, Mr Nnamdi Onukwuba were equally present at the event.   Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that question and answer session featured during the event that has its theme as "Getting Things Done: Strategies for Policy and Programme Implementation in Nigeria". 
Nneyi Community School Umueri Anambra East Council Area To Be Upgraded To Digital School
AuthorTHEOPHILIUS UKOHADate2021-06-02 07:38:15CategoriesState Nneyi Community School Nneyi Umueri, Anambra East Local Government Area, will soon benefit from Anambra State government UBEC sponsored digital school,  in line with Governor Willie Obiano’s resolve to provide education friendly environment to all rural schools in the state.   This was disclosed by the Executive Chairman Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board ASUBEB, Chief Patrick Ugboaja, during a visit to community primary school Nneyi Umueri with a view to repositioning the school. The mood of the pupils, teachers and entire residents of the community was that of excitement having felt neglected over the years.  Speaking at  the event,the Executive Chairman ASUBEB represented by Director Department of Planning, Research, Statistics and Procurement ASUBEB Chief Uchenna Ezeani, said State government is poised to ensuring that all schools in the state including those handed back to the church, are given a face lift to meet the digital status of education across the globe and urged the community to provide land for the building of the digital school.   He tasked Onitsha Archdiocese to provide furniture to the existing Nneyi primary school as part of their contribution while the commission will see to the fencing of the school.   In his welcome address the chairman Nneyi Education Development Committee Honourable Andy Azubuike, said the community has been yearning for a digital school in the town noting that  the existing Nneyi primary school has produced  talented and responsible individuals whose potential need to be harnessed for meaningful development in the state.   In their respective reactions, the Headmistress of the school Mrs Chika Oguikpo, President General of Nneyi community Elder Justin Uderika and Reverend Father Fidelis Chiefe,  expressed gratitude to the Commission for remembering the community and the school and promised to support the Obiano administration.   Inspection of some of the dilapidated structures and traditional dance performance by the pupils climaxed the visit. 
ASATU Asks Communities To Intensify Fight Against Insecurity
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-02 07:32:51CategoriesState A  joint meeting of the Anambra state Association of Town Unions held in Awka, has ended with a call for all communities in the state to expedite action on fighting insecurity in the state.   The meeting which took place at the ASATU office, Government House, Awka, saw the Presidents General, Women Wing and Youth Wing of the association speaking in one voice in ensuring that lives and property  of their communities are safeguarded.   Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye was there and reports that while speaking on the resolution of the meeting, the National President of Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU, Barrister Titus Akpudo, noted that there is need for the improvement of welfare and stipend of the Community Vigilant Personnel as well as provision of vehicles and motorbike, to enable them get to the remotest parts of their communities.  Chief Akpudo appealed to the State Government, to channel the third phase of Community Choose Your Project Initiative to improvement of security architecture so as to re-enforce the vigilantees, have the database of non-indigenes in  communities as well as commercial drivers in the areas.   He called on the youths to work in synergy with the Presidents General of their communities,  on how to improve their welfare even as he said they will interact with the traditional rulers in the state so as to get all round security workforce.   In their separate speeches, the National President Of ASATU Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo and the Vice President, Mrs Ijeoma Esione stated that involvement of women in security issues is very vital because they are to monitor and give information on the movement of their wards and solicited for the provision of street light to some strategic points as well as provision of walkie-talkie to vigilante operative and other gadgets.   Lending their voices on the issue, National President Of ASATU Youth Wing, Mr Patrick Aghamba and his National Secretary, Mr Emeka Okoye-Ozo lamented that the strength of policemen have been undermined , stressing the  need to strengthen the capacity of the AVGS, pointing out that each Community should recruit about fifty youths to join in vigilantee services and commended Governor Willie Obiano’s commitment in addressing security issues in the state.   Also Speaking, the National Secretary of the Association, Professor Charles Nwadigwe advocated erection of barriers at the entrances of major roads  so as to know when stranger enter their communities. 
Anambra 2021 Guber: Soludo Picks APGA Gubernatorial Nomination, Expression Of Interest Forms
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-02 07:28:57CategoriesPolitics State It was a gathering of who-is -who in Anambra government circles, including Government functionaries, politicians, Captains of industry and Ndi Anambra, as they came out in their numbers to support their own, former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Prof. Chukwuma Charles Soludo as he picked the Gubernatorial nomination form of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), for the November 6, Anambra governorship election.

Before his arrival at the APGA national secretariat in Abuja,  supporters waited patiently and when he arrived, chants of Odenigbo and Odenjiji rented the air.
Speaking after picking the forms, Professor Soludo who said picking the forms was a formal indication of his desire to run thanked ndi Anambra for believing in him and reminded them that all hands must be on deck as it is the beginning of the processes to achieving success.

In an interview with the press some supporters, including the member representing Anambra East and West federal constituency, Honourable Chinedu Obidigwe, the Deputy Speaker, Anambra House of Assembly, Honourable Paschal  Agbodike among others said they chose to support Professor Soludo owing to his pedigree and their desire for continuity and good governance.
The train later moved to Professor Soludo's residence for a grand reception.
COVID -19: Anambra Begins 2nd Dose Of COVID -19 Vaccination
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-02 07:23:34CategoriesHealth State The Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala has reassured Ndi Anambra of the safety and effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccine as he revealed that thirty-three thousand, six hundred and ninety-one Ndi Anambra have received the first dose of phase one COVID-19 vaccination with no major adverse effects. Dr Okpala revealed this yesterday in Awka during the flag off ceremony of the second dose of phase one COVID-19 vaccination in Anambra, at the state immunization Cold Store, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Awka.  Correspondent, Valentine Mbadugha  reports that the Commissioner, who performed the flag off exercise on behalf of Governor Willie Obiano, explained that the essence of the second dose is to ensure full  immunity against the ravaging virus. He stated that the number that have been vaccinated represents about eighty-six percent of the targeted population, urging Ndi Anambra to embrace the opportunity to help enthrone a COVID-19 free Anambra.  Dr Okpala further explained that the vaccine cannot replace other effective public health measures, adding that the state must continue to promote the recommended COVID-19 safety non-pharmaceutical measures such as use of Face Mask, regular hand-washing, social distancing, avoidance of crowded areas among others. The Commissioner explained that there are  average of two vaccination centers per local government with one super and ordinary sites, adding that the centers will be displayed at the local government Secretariats across the state.  The Executive Secretary, Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Dr Chioma Ezenyimulu during the event, commended the commitment of the state government in the fight against COVID-19 as well as the input of the partnering agencies including WHO and UNICEF and assured that the agency will leave no stone unturned to ensure that Anambra state achieves  immunity against infections. On behalf of the partnering agencies, the WHO State Consultant, Dr Edward Okeke assured of continued support as Anambra has shown great commitment since the outbreak of the virus. Recall that Anambra state had on March 17, 2021 received its first delivery of seventy-eight thousand, eight hundred and ten doses of Oxford AstraZeneca Vaccine which has been certified safe by foreign and local agencies including NAFDAC. 
Romanus Ogbugheobodo Laid To Rest At Nnokwa Idemili  South  Council Area
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-02 07:16:58CategoriesState The life and times of Chief Romanus Ogbugheobodo, who had to walk around on two clutches for forty-eight years, was a great testimony on perseverance as his funeral rites took place at Ubili Nnokwa in Idemili South Local Government Area, over the week end. Chief Romanus, who got involved in an auto crash in 1973, when he was still a youth, accepted the life challenges and moved on, using two clutches to support both his left and right lower limbs, till he died at the age of eighty-one. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha was there and reports that the funeral ceremony of the patriarch began with a holy mass presided over by the Episcopal Vicar of Dunukofia Region, Very Reverend Father Aloysius Ikekwe.  In a homily the Parish Vicar of Saint Mary's Parish Nnokwa, Reverend Father Johnpaul Okeke who prayed for the soul of the deceased to be granted eternal repose noted that death is an inevitable end adding that Christians should always be prepared for such by living a righteous life. The Secretary of  Idemili South Local Government Area, Mr Nnaemeka Orji who is a member of the kindred described his death as unfortunate stating that their kindred has benefited a lot from his wise counsels. For the children Messrs Chukwuka and ChinwikeOgbugheobodo, the first son and last son respectively, their father lived a fulfilled life. They described him as a hard-working, peaceful and compassionate man whom committed most of his lifetime to humanitarian services. They appreciated those that came from different places to share in their moment of grief praying God to see to their individual needs. The funeral attracted dignitaries from all walks of life including the Director of News and Current Affairs Department of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mr Gab Okpalaeze, who is a relation of the deceased, an Industrialist Chief Basil Akpanyua, among others. Condolences and masquerade displays also featured at the funeral. The Late Chief Romanus Ogbugheobodo is survived by his wife Cecilia, five children, twenty grandchildren, one great grandchild and many other relations. 
First Session Of 5th Synod Anglican Diocese Of Amichi Commences Today
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-06-02 07:14:26CategoriesState The First session of the Fifth Synod of the Anglican Diocese of Amichi  commences today. The Bishop of the Diocese, Right Reverend Ephraim Ikeakor disclosed this while briefing the press on the theme of the synod, "Cross less Christianity a Contradiction of Mandatory Demand for True Discipleship," at Saint Andrew's Anglican Church Ebenator in Nnewi South Local Government Area venue of the Synod. Correspondent Emengini Osadebe reports that the Bishop who explained the importance of synod regretted that the Church has deviated from its original standard of faith by introducing cultural revivals in the Church thereby turning into idolatry and neo paganism which according to him has brought a lot of disaster to true Christian discipleship.  He decried the prevalence of prosperity preaching as well as preaching on hyper grace characterized in modern days Christianity, and called on Christians to come back to the basis which is the cross of Jesus Christ. Right Reverend Ikeakor who disclosed that Amichi Diocese has recorded tremendous infrastructural growth stated that its hospital has a State of the art facility, while the school of midwifery which is ninety percent complete will soon take off. The Bishop who bore his mind on the State of the nation regretted the insecurity challenges ravaging the Country and called for total transformation of the Nigerian- Nation. He suggested that the 1963 Republican constitution be adopted if the Country seriously needs to be one indivisible entity, calling on political leaders and traditional rulers to rise to their responsibilities of restoring security in the Country. 
Sit - At- Home Records Total Compliance In Major Anambra Cities
AuthorNGOZI OBILERIDate2021-06-01 07:28:42CategoriesNigeria State The ever busy Aroma, UNIZIK junctions, Eke Awka roundabout, as well as GoodWill junction  Okpuno  all in Awka South Council Area were deserted  today, as residents of the areas obeyed the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, which is not officially recognized by the Federal government.   Our Correspondent Ngozi Obileri who monitored the situation reports that shops and markets in the areas were under lock and key as at ten minutes to nine in the morning.  A movement in the area, especially from Nodu, Ezinifite, Umuodu all in Okpuno, and around Ifite Isuanaocha, in Awka North council area showed that business activities were brought to a halt because of the sit at home order, although few people were in clusters analyzing the situation of things at various points at the areas visited.   No security operative was seen except for a patrol vehicle of men of the Nigerian Police force, which drove past the strategic areas.  Some residents, who expressed support for the order while speaking to the ABS, said the sit-at-home order, which was to honour the fallen heroes, also helped them to have some rest, but warned that it should not be an avenue to perpetrate evil. The story is the same in  Onitsha,Nnewi and some  other towns. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau who took a look at the implications of the sit-at- home order by IPOB for Ndigbo resident outside the South East, reports that the order seems to affect only those living in the South East Region of the country, adding that a walk through the streets and suburbs of Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory, showed people going about their normal businesses.  A welder at Jikwoyi area, Mr. Ifeanyi Anthony, and a petty trader, Mrs Izukanne said they are in solidarity with the Igbo cause, but had to go to work because they will loose a lot, especially as the previous day was a Sunday. 
NYCN Deputy President Nduanya Dedicates Son Dominion In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-01 07:22:47CategoriesState It was thanksgiving and celebration galore as the Deputy National President, National Youth Council of Nigeria, Comrade Innocent Nduanya and wife dedicated their son, Master Dominion Kamsiyochukwu Ezeakonobi to God. The dedication, which took place at Winners Chapel Awka, attracted family members, in-laws, friends and well-wishers.  Appreciating those who came to felicitate with him, Comrade Nduanya, who  said he was delighted, thanked God for giving him a son after four years of marriage, and promised that his family will forever serve the Lord with their human and material resources. Comrade Nduanya, who is also the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Political Matters, thanked those who graced the occasion and prayed God to grant their heart desires. Felicitating with the Nduanya's family, the Permanent Secretary, Anambra State Ministry of Transport, Dr. Emman Ude-Akpeh, prayed for the child to grow in the way of the Lord, and be a source of joy and happiness to his family and society at large.  Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that some of the dignitaries at the event were, Mr. Nonso-Smart Okafor, who is the member representing Nnewi North Constituency in Anambra State House of Assembly, the Anambra State Chairman, National Youth Council of Nigeria, Comrade Samuel Egwuatu, the Anambra State Chairman, Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth Wing, Maazi Chukwuma Okpalezeukwu, Professor Jaja Nwanegbo of Nmamdi Azikiwe University Awka, among others. 
NARD Threatens Another Nationwide Strike
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-01 07:19:38CategoriesNigeria The National Association of Resident Doctors has given both Federal and State Governments two weeks to address issues bordering on the welfare of its members across the country or face another nationwide strike. The association, which suspended its strike on April tenth, 2021, expressed concern particularly over the conditions of its members in Abia and Imo states, who were being owed twenty-one and seven months’ salary arrears, respectively. National President of the association, Dr Uyilawa Okhuaihesuyi, who disclosed this in a communiqué issued after its forty-first Ordinary General Meeting in Anambra State, lamented the hardship his members under Government Integrated Financial and Management Information System platform had suffered over delayed payment for over four months, urging Government to expedite action towards migrating members to Integrated Payroll and Personnel information system. 
INEC Reassures  Of Violence Free Election In Anambra Despite Incessant Attacks
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-01 07:15:48CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, said the incessant attacks on its offices have created ample opportunity to prepare for a violence-free election in Anambra State. Speaking at a national retreat on the Validation of the draft INEC 2022-2026 Strategic Plan and strategic programme of Action, INEC National Chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, who described the attacks as disturbing to the Commission, said it has however provided it with ample opportunity to organize a free, fair and credible election in the State. Despite the Commission’s risk management procedure, Professor Mahmood, who was represented by a National Commissioner and Chairman of Outreach committee, Dr. Adekunle Ogunmola, expressed hope that the attacks would not be on a continuous basis. He maintained that the Anambra elections won’t be a difficult thing to plan, as there has been similar situation in the past, in Ondo State, where card readers were burnt. 
UTME  Candidates To  Pay  N700 Extra For Mock Examination
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-01 07:14:22CategoriesNigeria The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has announced that candidates sitting the mock Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination scheduled for Thursday third June 2021, are expected to pay seven hundred naira to the Computer Based Test centres before taking the examination. The Board made the announcement in a statement available to newsmen, where it explained that the seven hundred naira payment is different from the three thousand five hundred naira paid by the candidates for UTME forms (ePINs), and five hundred naira for the reading text. It was also learnt the seven hundred naira for mock examination is different from the seven hundred naira expected to be paid to the Computer Based Test centres for the 2021 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination. JAMB had earlier asked candidates who had indicated interests to sit for the mock-UTME and had earlier printed the examination slips to reprint, following the shift in examination date. The Board explained that each slip contained candidates’ details such as registration number and most importantly, the centre they are to sit the examination within their chosen examination town. 
Anambra  Govt Assures Of Collaboration With  UN-PEPOLAC To Promote Peace
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2021-06-01 07:12:59CategoriesState The Anambra State Government has assured ndi Anambra of its support and willingness to continue to identify with groups whose mission are people-centred and fosters processes that will enhance the success of peace initiatives.   Governor Willie Obiano gave the assurance at the United Nations, Peace and Positive Living Awareness Center, of UN-PEPOLAC, Convention held in Awka.  Correspondent Chidinma Ikeanyionwu covered the event and  reports that  Governor Obiano, who was represented by the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Fire Service Commission, Retired Air Vice Marshall Ben Chiobi, appreciated the Organizers for their complimentary roles in promoting peace in the State and the nation at large, even as he reminded everyone that peace lays the foundation for socioeconomic activities, hence the need to promote it.   He called on Non-Governmental Organizations and other bodies to emulate UN-PEPOLAC in sustaining development through peace, assuring ndi Anambra that the Government will continue to identify with groups and organizations whose mission and vision are people centred and peace-oriented.  In his address, the International Coordinator, UN-PEPOLAC, His Lordship, Bishop Ozioma Ozoemena said the aim of the Convention was to brainstorm on lingering effects of banditry, terrorism, rumors of outright removal of subsidy in the petroleum products, COVID-19 pandemic and the new variant, among other issues, and come up with solutions to help both the people and Government in restoring the people's confidence, prosperity, peaceful co-existence and sustainable development.   Expanding on the importance of the theme, of the convention: “Peaceful Coexistence, A Panacea For Sustainable Development” Dr Alex Agbaenyi of the Department of Political Science, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, in a paper presentation, noted that development, as a fundamental human right, is the most secure basis for peace and cannot proceed easily in societies where human life is not given priority.   He further stated that it is the responsibility of the government, judiciary, the masses, the church, among other stakeholders to create a sustainable peaceful society, urging all parties to cultivate preventive diplomacy in preventing disputes from arising between parties, and existing disputes from escalating.   Meanwhile some of the new Ambassadors of the association, Messrs. Philip Balepo and Chinedu Aniagboso, charged all Peace Ambassadors to stand out and be fully committed.   Present at the Convention were the Chairman, Christian Association of Nigeria, Anambra State chapter, Venerable Joseph Nweke, State Chairman Pentecostal Bishop’s Association Anambra State, Archbishop Ephraim Ndife, Traditional rulers, among others, while investiture of new members climaxed the event. 
Obiano Inaugurates ICU At Eldorado Multi-Specialist Hospital Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-01 07:07:21CategoriesHealth State Governor Willie Obiano has commissioned an Intensive Care Unit at the Eldorado Multi-Specialist Hospital, Awka. Commissioning the Unit, otherwise known as ICU, Governor Obiano commended the Management of the Hospital for partnering the State Government in giving Ndi Anambra a healthcare system that is globally competitive, and praised the role the Hospital played in safeguarding lives of residents of the State during the upsurge of Covid-19.  Governor Obiano represented by the Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala, assured that his administration will continue to provide enabling environment for private sector to thrive, as according to him, private medical practitioners play significant roles in actualizing the positive health indices of the State. A Consultant in the Hospital, Dr. Chiemelu Emegoakor, who enumerated some of the machines in the Intensive Care Unit to include, Infusion pump, Multi-purpose Cardiac Monitor, Syringe pump, Ventilator machine, Arterial blood gas, Defibrillator machine, among others, said the Unit became necessary due to Covid-19 pandemic and explained that the Hospital was established to render world class medical services to patients. An intensivist, Chief Maxwell Amah, explained various functions of the machines and revealed that they are of International standard. Health Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that official commissioning of the Intensive Care Unit climaxed the event which attracted medical experts and intensivists across the State. 
Ozoemezina Event: How Governor Willie Obiano Of Anambra State Mourned And Honoured The Biafra Dead On January 12, 2015 At Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-31 06:34:44CategoriesColumnist State Chief Rommy Ezeonwuka (Ogilisi) muted the Idea to Governor Willie Obiano, but he did not immediately agree. He brought the Idea to me as the then National Chairman of All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) to convince the Governor to agree to the Proposal. I have been working with Chief Ezeonwuka in the Igbo Struggle before then. I went to the Governor and discussed with him and he accepted to do it. The Governor asked me to constitute the Committee. I made a List which he approved as follows; 1. Col Joe Achuzia- Chairman 2. Col Emma Nwobosi 3. Col Ben Gbulie 4. Col Emma Udeaja 5. Col Patrick Anwuna 6.Prof Pita Ejiofor 7. Chief Rommy Ezeonwuka 8. Igwe Bob Jonathan Onyema ( Ojukwu’s last Chief of Staff ) His Excellency added; 9. Henry Obaze- Secretary to the State Government (SSG) 10. Tony Onyima- Honourable Commissioner for Information & Culture. I personally contacted the Biafran War Leaders then alive and they accepted to serve before I submitted the List to His Excellency including Col Joe Achuzia. May the Souls of all our brothers and sisters who died during the Civil War continue to Rest In Peace, Amen. May the Souls of those who have died since the Ozoemezina Ceremony also rest in perfect peace, namely 1. Col Joe Achuzia 2. Col Emma Nwobosi 3. Igwe Bob Onyema. THIS IS FOR THE RECORD God bless. Senator Dr Victor Umeh, OFR. 
Commentary: Awka City Stadium, A New Dawn In Sports Development In Anambra
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-31 06:31:54CategoriesColumnist It was a World Heavy Weight Boxing Champion, Evander Holyfield, who once said that the favorite part of any game is to have the opportunity to play it. And an Olympic medalist, Picabo Street, says you cannot play any game when you don’t have the wherewithal to do so.
Hence, it has always been something of an irony that for all her array of sporting talents, Anambra State does not have a standard sporting facility. From Emmanuel Ifeajuna, Nigeria’s first Commonwealth Gold Medalist; to Innocent Egbunike, the Olympic Bronze Medalist; Mary Onyali, two times Olympic Bronze Medalist; Francis Obikwelu, Olympic Silver Medalist and Uchenna Emedolu, Olympic Silver Medalist, Anambra has contributed quality athletes that brought honour to Nigeria.
And in football, Anambra’s Emmanuel Okala, who turned 70 last week, is Nigeria’s first winner of the African Footballer of the Year award. The state also parades legendary footballers like, Silvanus Okpala, Kenneth Boardman, Aloysius Atuegbu, Keneth Ilodigwe, Arthur Egbuna, Chimezie Nwanaga, Louis Igwillo, Ifeanyi Onyedika, Amaechi Otti, Okwuchukwu Obiora, Charles Okonkwo, Ikechukwu Ofoje, Obinna Nsofor, Mikel Obi, Victor Anichebe as well as the ace Commentator, Ernest Okonkwo.
It is therefore something of regret that the state has no stadium of its own. What Anambra has are some privately owned stadia, including Neros Stadium, Rojenny Sports Stadium and Gabros International Stadium now rechristened Ifeanyi Ubah Stadium. However, the facilities are not located in the state capital, Awka. They are located at Nanka, Oba and Nnewi respectively. As a fast developing capital city, Awka needs modern facilities for leisure, sports, recreation, conferences, lifestyle and business.
Gladly, Governor Willie Obiano has now built a stadium in Awka. Located in the heart of the city, few months ago, this glittering stadium, a FIFA recognized project, was a piece of abandoned land where daring herders grazed their cattle. But work has reached advanced stages on the stadium.
It was designed as a compact sporting facility with a covered stand, swanky dressing rooms, an electronic scoreboard, FIFA-standard pitch and Olympic-standard tartan tracks for sprinters. The facility was designed to accommodate future expansion possibilities and still retain a large parking space.
And so, finally, Ndi Anambra will have access to modern sporting and recreational facilities that will boost their hopes for an improved lifestyle and reduce the pressure on Alex Ekwueme Square, which was not conceived as a facility for sports but has been converted to one by expediency.
The new Awka Stadium will further deepen development of football in the state. It will equally keep our youth busy positively because an idle mind is always a devil’s workshop. Once again, Governor Willie Obiano has left an indelible footprint in an area where it matters a lot…Sports, just as he did in aviation industry by constructing a magnificent Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport. Work is equally at advanced stage at the International Conference Centre, Agu Awka. No wonder an analyst once said that Akpokuedike is South East best governor in history. Imagine giving Anambra all its first basic and social amenities and legacy projects in seven years.
It would be recalled that the governor had, ahead of the completion of the stadium complex, announced formation of men and women football teams for the state to be called ‘Anambra Bombers and Anambra Babes’ respectively to represent the state in national and international competitions.
Furthermore, Anambra had launched the Anambra Football Campaign, to canvass grassroots support for football advancement in the state. Meanwhile, the FIFA licensed contractor handling the construction of the Awka Township Stadium has assured that the stadium would, on completion, be the best mini stadium in sub-saharan Africa. The construction of the stadium is in three phases. The first phase addressed important facilities like track and field, dressing rooms, terraces, changing rooms and the general aesthetics of the stadium. The second phase addressed areas such as the Governor’s Lounge, cubicles for fans and press conference room. The third and final phase, which required temporal closure of the stadium for about six months, handled complete covering of the pavilions. Bravo Akpokuedike!
WRITTEN BY DR. NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Archbishop Ibezim Calls For Prayers To Tackle Challenges Confronting Nigeria
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-05-31 06:26:41CategoriesState The Archbishop Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim, says the church is duty-bound to pray for the peace of the country. Correspondent Emmanuel Chigbata reports that Archbishop Ibezim, stated this during the first session of sixth synod of Diocese of Aguata, Anglican Communion where he called for prayers to save the nation from the ugly trend of insecurity. He noted that the principles of discipleship must be practiced in this period of uncertainty and urged everyone to amend their ways especially in this perilous time. On his part, the Deputy Majority Leader, and member representing Orumba North at the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Emeka Aforka, said the State Legislature is making efforts by passing bills to enable the Executive arm of Government sustain security of lives and property in the State, and commended Governor Willie Obiano for being on track in containing the activities of hoodlums in the State. An industrialist, Mr. Godwin Ezeemo explained that creating employment opportunities for youths will bring lasting solution to insecurity in the country, and commended Governor Willie Obiano  for fulfilling his promise of completing the Anambra passenger and cargo Airport project. 
CMO Awka Catholic Diocese Celebrates 25th Anniversary
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-05-31 06:24:34CategoriesState The Catholic Men Organisation, CMO of Awka Diocese have celebrated its twenty fifth anniversary, with a charge by the Bishop of Awka Diocese; Most Reverend Paulinus Ezeokafor to take up their responsibilities in the family, church and society.
Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi  was there and reports that the Catholic Women Organisation, CWO and the Catholic Youth Organisation Nigeria, CYON, were hitherto the two major organisations that existed in Awka Diocese before the then Awka Diocesan Laity Council President, Professor Pita Ejiofor made efforts to start the Catholic Men's organization in the Diocese.

Speaking during a  Holy Mass to mark the silver jubilee, held at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Awka, the Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Ezeokafor, appreciated God for the success recorded by the organization and decried the increasing challenges in the country, urging men to lead their families in prayer while also playing their fatherly roles always.

The wife of the state Governor, Dr Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, who was represented by the Transition Committee Chairman for Awka South Local Government Area, Mr. Leo Nwuba, urged the group to help in securing the state by being close to their families and assist in the training of their children through quality advice and nurturing.
The Diocese Chaplain of CMO, Reverend Father Jerome Okafor and President CMO Awka Diocese, Mr. Joseph Onuegbu expressed gratitude to God for the journey so far and pointed out  that the organization has supported the church in various activities.
The Chairman of the occasion  Chief Azubuike Ekweozor, who was installed as 'Ide CMO' Awka Diocese, emphasized that Fathers are pace setters , noting that the story of the church won't be complete without the contribution of CMO, calling on people to give to God by giving to the church while  another member Chief Uchenna Ezeani, also installed as Patron of CMO said the organization should ensure that things are done right in the church,  as fathers must lay a good foundation for their children and disemphaseize wealth .
Other installed Patrons who spoke at the event, including the traditional ruler of Ebenebe, Igwe Christopher Nnaegbunna, the TC Chairman of Njikoka Local Government Area, Mr. George Ozoh and Mrs. Ijeoma Igbokwe  extolled fathers for their roles in families and the church, urging them to remain  steadfast and courageous, while government should also create the enabling environment for fathers to thrive.
 Cutting of cake , dancing and displays featured at the event.
South East Igbo Youth Stakeholders Worry Over Insecurity, Call For Peaceful Coexistence
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-05-31 06:21:29CategoriesState South East Igbo Youth Stakeholders have condemned the lingering insecurity in the region and sued for peaceful co-existence. In a release signed by its spokesperson, Maazi Chukwuma Okpalezeukwu, the group said they are concerned about happenings in the South East region, especially the attacks on security agencies, unjust killing of innocent citizens, wanton arrest and detention of people, and destruction of public property. The group noted that stakeholders from the region cannot continue to turn deaf ears to the voices of the oppressed, or remain silent in the face of injustice, and reaffirmed their resolve and commitment to peace, stability and development in the South East, Igbo nation and Africa in general. They further stated that it is now time to take responsibility and Governments must seek healthy options that guarantee national unity and peaceful co-existence, visibly and clearly embrace the values of justice and fairness to ensure peace, unity and development. The South East Igbo Youth Stakeholders advised both Federal Government and South East Governors to liaise with relevant stakeholders, more importantly, the aggrieved and youths, in order to address the current unrest in the country and region respectively. 
2023: NSE Advocates Use Of ATM Cards By Electorate For Voting
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-31 06:20:10CategoriesNigeria The Nigerian Society of Engineers, NSE, has urged the Independent National Electoral Commissioned  INEC, to adopt the use of Automated Teller Machine, ATM cards by electorates to vote in 2023 general elections.   The NSE at the weekend, also demanded that voting should be done one hundred per cent electronic online, since all the ATM cards are connected to Bank Verification Number, BVN, having the electorate’s data. This was part of the memoranda presented by the Engineers during the zonal public hearing of the Senate Constitution Review Committee held in Kaduna.   The NSE through its Kaduna branch Chairman, Engineer Rachel Serumun, said law backing whistle blowers, with incentives ranging from one per cent to ten per cent of the amount involved, shall be made, thereby encouraging the public to join in anti-corruption fight.   While calling on the Federal Government to relinquish sovereignty over the ownership of television or wireless broadcasting stations, the Engineers advised that the Governing body of the National Broadcasting Commission, NBC, should be independent of Government interference, so as to avoid compromising the broadcasting industry. 
Obiano Happy With Partnership With Church
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-05-31 06:17:30CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano says the partnership between his Government and the Church in the past seven years has been wonderful. Speaking at Saint John' the Divine Church Oko in Orumba North Local Government Area, during a thanksgiving service to mark the end of the first session of the Sixth Synod of Aguata Diocese, Governor Obiano charged the Church to continue with its efforts in improving the moral tone of the society. Governor, who was represented by  his Chief of Protocol and Deputy Chief of Staff, Chief Uzuegbuna Okagbue commended Bishop Ezeofor for his series of programmes aimed at improving the spiritual needs of the people, and called for sustenance.  He called on the Diocese to continue with its prayer for the Government for enhanced development of the State. Earlier in a sermon, the Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor, said being a disciple of Christ qualifies one to be a Christian. Bishop Ezeofor, while decrying the high rate of corruption, contamination and defilement in the society, called on Christians to rise to the occasion by bringing the needed transformation.  Contributing, a former Managing Director of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Sir Osseloka Offor, who represented Sir Azuka Okwuosa on the occasion, called for prayer for the smooth conduct of the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State. In an interview the President of Aguata Diocesan Women's Ministry, Mrs Chinyere Ezeofor, who described the theme of the Synod, “Divine principles of transformation Discipleship” as apt, said it will go a long way in redirecting the minds of Christians towards being Christ like. Synod delegates , Lady Edna Okeke and Lady Ngozi Ike, said the Synod theme will go a long way in repositioning them as soldiers of Christ.  Bishop Ezeofor later expressed gratitude of the Diocese to the Director of Media of the Diocese, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor, as well as delight that Sir Chinedu Ike has become a Permanent Secretary in Anambra State. The service, which was attended by the Anglican Bishop of Oru Diocese, Right Reverend Geophrey Chukwunenye, and his Ireleseodu Counterpart, Right Reverend Joshua Onyinlola, featured cutting of cake and anthem by the choir. Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigbata reports that the Transition Committee Chairman of Aguata Local Government Area, Chief Echezona Ezeibe and a representative of the Catholic Bishop of Ekwulobia, Most Reverend Peter Okpalaeke, attended the event. 
Anambra Youths Back Soludo’s Political Aspirations With N22M
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-05-31 06:14:04CategoriesPolitics State A group of youths from across Anambra State has donated the sum of twenty two million naira in support of the course of the former Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo in the State. The youths under the auspices of Anambra Youths National Solidarity, made the donation during a youth’s mega rally they organized in honour of Professor Soludo at the Dora Akunyili Women's Development Center Awka, which had in attendance, members of the Anambra State House of Assembly, Commissioners, Traditional rulers, Transition Committee Chairmen of various Council Areas, among others.  The youth group, made up of the U-AYA, U -AWA, U ASA, and youths from various Church denominations, trooped out in their numbers to lend their voice in clamouring for emergence of Professor Soludo as Governor Willie Obiano's successor. Governor Willie Obiano represented at the event by his Chief of Staff, Chief Primus Odili,  commended the youths for their overwhelming love towards the progress of the State, and reassured Ndi Anambra that his government is doing everything possible to ensure that their lives and property are protected.  The Governor used the occasion to switch on the phone lines purchased by the leadership of U-AYA and U-AWA youth groups, to be used as hotlines to call when any breach in security is noticed in any part of the State. Addressing the gathering, the Convener of the event and member representing Anambra East and West Federal Constituency, Chief Chinedu Obidigwe, who went down memory lane on the security situation in the State before APGA government took over, also recalled that civil servants suffered untold hardship because of non payment of salaries, adding that APGA Government has done so much for Ndi Anambra, hence the need to elect someone that will continue from where Governor Obiano will stop.  He also used the occasion to present twenty six Sienna buses to youth groups from every Local Government Area, in  accordance with the amount of money donated during their fund raising for Professor Soludo's nomination form. Responding, Professor Soludo, after calling for observance of one minute silence for the fallen heroes of the civil war, expressed appreciation to the youth groups and said he has accepted to run for Anambra Governorship position because of the love Anambra Youths have for him. While highlighting various achievements of APGA led government since the era of former Governor Peter Obi, Professor Soludo said the Willie Obiano led government has reduced the poverty rate in Anambra from fifty three to fourteen point seven eight percent and promised not only to give more youths seats in his cabinet if elected, but also to make sure that at least one thousand youths are gainfully employed. Later in an interview, the Managing Director, Anambra State Signage and Advertising Agency, Chief Jude Emecheta, said the demonstration of the youths represents the minds of Ndi Anambra.  In their separate speeches, the Transition Committee Chairman of Anambra East Council Area, Barrister Obi Nweke, and his Nnewi South counterpart, Engineer Chieloka Okoye, who is the National Secretary of U-AYA, said they are supporting Professor Soludo as they did during the campaign of Governor Obiano in 2013, and optimistic that Governor Obiano will finish strong, while his successor will consolidate on his legacies. Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzo Okoye reports that some Student's Union Governments from some Schools used the medium to express their readiness to join in the fight against insecurity in the State. 
Transcript Of The Honourable Attorney General's Speech On The Receipt Of The Revised Criminal Law Of Anambra State
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-30 11:39:11CategoriesState The Committee for the review of the Criminal Code of Anambra State was inaugurated on the 11th day of February, 2020 and chaired by Hon. Justice Peter .C. Obiora. The Committee after a diligent and painstaking review of the Criminal Code of Anambra State presented a copy of the reviewed Criminal Law of Anambra State to the Hon. Attorney General of Anambra State on Wednesday, the 26th day of May, 2021. Presenting the copy of the law, Hon. Justice Peter .C. Obiora stated that the Committee painstakingly deliberated on every section of the extant law to determine whether each provision and punishments still serve the purpose in our current clime. He further stated that in the course of the review, certain new offences were created, non-custodial punishments were introduced to checkmate the congestion of our correctional facilities. The new Criminal Law (draft bill) has 49 chapters and 460 sections. Amongst the offences it provided for were Human trafficking, cheating in examinations, computer and electronic date misuse, forfeiture of properties used for kidnapping purposes, defilement as a non-gender based offense amongst others. In receiving the draft copy of the law from the Committee led by the Chairman, Hon. Justice Obiora, the Hon. Attorney General of Anambra State, Dr. Obianuju Nwogu, FCArb welcomed the committee. She expressed her gratitude to the committee for making the review of the law a possibility. She thanked them for the sacrifices they put in to ensure that they completed the task. In her remarks, she said “this document will stand the test of time when passed into law. It will be in line with the contemporary society and replace the very old, archaic laws of Anambra State since 1991, 30 years ago. By this you have uplifted Anambra State a notch. The Government of Anambra State thanks you, her people thanks you. The Ministry of Justice, Anambra State thanks you”. She also commended RoLAC for spearheading the process. She also thanked RoLAC represented by Mrs. Josephine Onah for the various efforts they have been making in the State to see that the Criminal Justice system in the State keeps improving. These efforts range from assisting in the review of laws, installation of e-case management system in the Ministry of Justice and the Judiciary amongst others.  She further prayed that God blesses their efforts exceedingly. She also assured them that the Bill will be passed into Law in a very short while as the Governor of Anambra State is very desirous of making that happen. The representative of RoLAC, Mrs. Josephine Onah stated that the review of this law and its consequential passage into law was a great achievement for the Anambra State Government. She also prayed that other already reviewed laws like the Administration of Criminal Justice Law of Anambra State and the Magistrate Court Law of Anambra State be speedily passed into law too. She stated that RoLAC was about to enter into the 5th year work plan of their project in Anambra State and were grateful for the cooperation of the Anambra State Government. 
Commentary: The Need For National Census In Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-30 08:02:09CategoriesColumnist Few years ago, the National Population Commission announced that the population of Nigeria was about one hundred and ninety-eight million people.
It would be recalled that the last census conducted in Nigeria was in March, 2006 and it put the population at about One Hundred and forty million. But according to the law establishing the commission, census should be conducted every ten years. This means that, the latest national head count would have been conducted in 2016. However, according to reliable sources, the Federal Government did not muster the political will to approve it as due.
The recent world population prospects predict that by 2050, Nigeria will become the third most populated country in the world. Much as Nigerians appear to have accepted the NPC’s estimate, the fact is that the country is overdue for the exercise. If for no other reason, various institutions need the data as the yardstick for their operations and cannot boast of accuracy on the outcome of their socio-economic services.
For instance, many organizations such as the National Bureau of Statistics, The National Planning Commission, Scholars and research institutes, State governments, Non–Governmental Organizations and indeed International organizations depend on the figures released by the National Population Commission. This, to say the least, is a failure on the part of the commission.
It has variously been canvassed that without building strong institutions, no nation can succeed in their hope for the desired national development. This is the bane of Nigeria’s political economy. Most of the critical institutions with specific mandates are facing obvious challenges of either government neglect or corruption, lack of capacity building, nepotism and tribalism among others, and consequently have failed to deliver on the need for their well-intended creation and interdependence for various services in the economic value chain.
Today, many states of the federation and their planning and research departments are far from using anything near an accurate population data in their planning.
However, it would be recalled that the 2006 head count sparked off controversies on issues of religion, ethnicity and inflation of numbers. It is an incontrovertible fact that data inaccuracy will attend to the population growth rate projections in some parts of Nigeria, particularly, the South East Zone which, most unfortunately recorded the poorest population count due to a campaign against participation mounted by some groups who appeared to be ignorant of the negative effect of such a boycott.
For instance, according to the 2006 National Census result, South East Zone was approximately sixteen million people; South–South zone, twenty-one million; South West, twenty-seven and half million; North Central, eighteen and half million; North East, almost nineteen million, while North West recorded over thirty-five and half million people.
Population data is also used in the allocation of national resources among others. Besides, an updated census is necessary for the accurate application of demographic figures in national planning, particularly in election matters, youths unemployment, gender issues, and for high density areas like Lagos, Onitsha and Kano.
Given that the National Identity Card Registration Council (NICRC) has been on its own duty line, it has not been easy for it as millions of Nigerians are yet to be captured, particularly at the hinter lands. There is no doubt about the undue politicization of national census. However, according to Romans Chapter Six, Verse 1, “shall we continue to live in sin, that grace may abound”.
WRITTEN BY DON ONYENJI 
Mrs Obiano Urges Women To Promote Personal Hygiene For Healthy Living
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2021-05-30 07:54:03CategoriesState The 2021 World Menstrual Hygiene Day has come and gone, with a call on all stakeholders to raise awareness on proper menstrual hygiene management for women. The day set aside by a German-based Non-Governmental Organization, WASH United, is aimed at highlighting the importance of good menstrual hygiene management at global level. Onyinye Agubaeze reports that the Emmaus House Awka, was filled to capacity yesterday as people from all works of life converged to celebrate this year’s World Menstrual Hygiene Day celebrated on twenty-eighth May  every year. Speaking on the significance of the day at a symposium organized by Creative Ladies Global Resources, the wife of the Governor, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano, represented by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Social Re-Orientation, Mrs. Mitchel Onugbolu, advised young women to see menstruation as the pride of every woman.  Mrs Obiano, while commending the Convener, advised the participants to share their knowledge on proper menstrual hygiene with others. Also speaking, the State Commissioner for Transportation, Mr Afam Mbanefo, who noted that the knowledge of proper menstrual hygiene management is not left for women alone, as young men would grow to have wives and daughters, advised against the stigmatization of ladies who are in their menstrual periods. In their separate speeches, the Senator representing Anambra Central Senatorial District, Senator Uche Ekwunife, represented by Mrs Ify Chiwugo, Senator representing Anambra South Senatorial District, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, represented by Mrs Ngozi Uba and the former Minister of Women Affairs, Iyom Josephine Aneni, noted that the day was set aside to eradicate the historical stigma associated with menstruation among the female gender, and to encourage young women to manage their menstrual hygiene with confidence. Appreciating the donors and participants at the event, the Convener, founder of the Creative Ladies Global Resources, Engineer Maureen Okolieukwu, noted that the aim of the event was to educate young ladies on proper menstrual hygiene management and how to make cost-effective reusable sanitary pads. In their separate remarks, some of the participants, including Miss Nwigwe Jessica, Ofolate Chinemerem and Chidozie Ifechukwu, who are students of Blossom Fount, British College, Saint John of God Secondary School and Flora Field College, Awka, respectively, thanked the Convener, Engineer Maureen, for the knowledge garnered, saying it has boosted their confidence as young women. 
New AIG Zone 13 Mukaddas Assumes Duty, Visits Obiano
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-05-30 07:50:00CategoriesState A new Assistant Inspector-General of Police in-charge of Zone 13, Ukpo, Anambra State, Garba Mukaddas, has arrived the State and paid a courtesy visit to Governor Willie Obiano.  AIG Mukaddas visited Governor Obiano at his Aguleri Country home to introduce himself to the Governor and discuss update on security issues, aimed at increasing security of lives and property in the State.   The new AIG, according to his biography, is a graduate of Usman DanFodio University, Sokoto and has served in many police formations, including Zone fourteen, Katsina.  Speaking after a closed-door meeting with the AIG, Governor Obiano who presented him with an official vehicle, promised to work closely  with him for the good of ndi Anambra.   Addressing newsmen, the AIG expressed gratitude to the Governor for the warm reception, assuring that they will work hard to confront and reduce crime in the State.  Highpoint of the visit was the official vehicle presentation to the AIG by the Governor.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that Chief of Staff to the Governor, Mr. Primus Odili was present at the visit.  
Anambra Govt  Seeks Community Collaboration In  Fight Against  Crime
AuthorAnambra state governmentDate2021-05-30 07:44:23CategoriesState The Anambra State Government has banned the use of motorcycles, tricycles and shuttle buses in Anambra State between seven pm and six am for the period of one month in the first instance.   The ban, according to a statement by the Secretary to the State Government Professor Solo Chukwulobelu is as a result of the need to improve security in the State and address observed incidents of crimes using Tricycles, motorcycles and shuttle buses.   The statement also reiterated that the earlier ban on the use of motorcycles in greater Onitsha and Awka areas during the day and night, remains in full force, and that any motorcycle found within the areas will be impounded and forfeited;   It also stated that shuttle buses are henceforth banned from using tinted glasses or curtains while plying on Anambra roads while other vehicles, either with factory-fitted tinted glasses or plain glasses must wind down while approaching any security check point in the State to avoid embarrassment;   The statement further directed full mobilization of community youths and stakeholders across the State to take ownership of security in their immediate environments and assist the Police and other Law enforcement Agents to enforce these directives and quickly restore law and order in the State, warning that henceforth, any community where Keke is used to rob or commit any crime, the use of Keke will be banned totally in that area and the union exco sanctioned, same measures that will be applied in the case of shuttle bus and motorcycles. 
2021 Anambra Guber: Emecheta Cautions Political Parties Against Money Politics
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-05-30 07:41:04CategoriesState Political parties have been urged to put collective interest and future of Anambra State above every other considerations, as they approach party primary elections. Speaking in Awka, the National Chairman, of Willie Obiano Support Group, Chief Jude Emecheta enjoined the political parties to avoid acts capable of threatening the process. Paul Ezeoke  reports that  Chief Emecheta said the success of the coming election is critical in consolidating the landmark achievements the State has recorded over the years and breaking new grounds towards the short term and long term visions of the State, and reminded the political class of the need to elect a candidate with requisite knowledge, experience and vision to take Anambra state to new frontiers of development, as well as global reach to attract funds and resources to drive the State development initiatives without relying on Federal allocation, especially now that international oil market had continued to record persistent instability. He noted that Anambra State has quality human capital capable of effectively harnessing available resources for the common good of all, and asked party delegates to resist money politics and vote according to their conscience to provide the electorate with viable options during the election. Chief Emecheta expressed satisfaction that Governor Obiano's remarkable achievements in various sectors are impacting positively on the lives of the people and would provide springboard for APGA’s success in the coming election. Also  Speaking, an APGA Chieftain, Chief Henry Igboeli urged the leadership of the various political parties to caution their members against politics of bitterness , acrimony and avoid acts that could heat up the polity ,noting that Anambra State has gone beyond politics of hate speech and mudslinging. Chief Igboeli enjoined the people to embrace the philosophy of APGA as a political platform that would continue to protect and project the Igbo agenda as well as ensure continuity in the pace and quality of development across the State. 
Anambra Chambers Of  Commerce Laud Anambra Airport Projects
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-05-30 07:38:57CategoriesState Members of the Anambra Chambers of Commerce have called on owners and operators of businesses in the world, to always think of Anambra as a top notch investment destination.   The three City Chambers comprising of Awka, Nnewi and Onitsha, stated this when they embarked on inspection visit to the ongoing Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport in Umueri.  Speaking during the visit, the President of Onitsha Chamber of Commerce, Sir Chris Ukachukwu, said with the airport in place at the center, with its three entry points a new beginning has been birthed in Anambra, especially with its cargo element, which will be so beneficial to traders.  Sir Chris, who commended the Governor Willie Obiano for building such legacy project, said a great percentage of ndi Anambra are business inclined, adding that the airport will boost the State economy, pioneered mostly by traders.   While describing the airport as compliant to international standards, the President expressed optimism that it will be commissioned in record time.  Speaking at Aguleri, the Presidents of Nnewi and Awka Chambers of Commerce, Prince Jude Osumuoh and Pastor Stephen Nduaguba, said the airport will serve everyone across political lines, assuring that business people will key into investment opportunities made available by the existence of the airport.   Responding Governor Obiano, who explained that he has patronized Innoson Vehicles in fabrications, said greater opportunities will be offered in the airport, including establishment of businesses and  urged people to come and explore those investment opportunities.  Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that Mr. Don Onyenji among others applauded the project during the inspection visit which featured a question and answer session. 
FABDA Governing Council Commends Pace, Quality Of Work At Fish Village Projects
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-05-30 07:32:24CategoriesState The Governing Council, Anambra State Fishery and Aquaculture Business Development Agency, FABDA, has inspected the ongoing Fish villages being established by the Obiano-led administration. The fish village project, which is three in Anambra State, with one in each Senatorial District, will, on completion, have a well-equipped farm house, hostel and three hundred fish ponds, which is expected to be producing seventy-five thousand kilograms of fish on monthly basis per each fish village. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that  Anambra North fish Village is sited at Aguleri, Anambra East Council Area, Anambra Central has its fish village at Adazi Nnukwu, Anaocha Council Area while that of Anambra South is located at Okija, Ihiala Council Area.  Speaking shortly after the inspection, the Chairman of FABDA Governing Council, Ogbuefi Ike Chioba explained that the purpose of the inspection visit was to ensure that the project is going on in accordance with specifications, and expressed delight with the level of progress made so far. On his part, the Anambra State Commissioner for Transport, Mr Afam Mbabefo, who is also a member of Governing Council of FABDA, noted that the fish village is one of Governor Obiano’s legacy projects, adding that their duty is to make sure that the project is delivered in a record time, and meets the expectations of the State Government.  The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of FABDA, Mr Emeka Iloghalu, during the inspection tour, explained that the three fish villages will not only contribute to food security and economic growth of the State, but will also create job opportunities and empower youths and women through training in fishery and aquaculture. Mr Iloghalu noted that the tour will help them avoid errors capable of delaying the project, and assured that their observations will be further discussed with the Contractors for effective implementation.  The Contractor in charge of Anambra Central Fish village located at Adazi Nnukwu, Engineer Edmond Chukwuemeka, of the Editrust International Limited, while taking the team around, promised to deliver the project according to specifications, having noted the areas that need adjustments. The Council only inspected the ongoing Anambra North and Anambra Central Fish villages, and will carry out similar exercise in Okija on a later date, where the Anambra South fish Village is being built. 
Anambra Health Ministry, WHO Seek Collaboration With NOA To  Increased Campaign Against Tuberculosis
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-30 07:27:00CategoriesState The Tuberculosis Unit, Anambra State Ministry of Health, in conjunction with the World Health Organization, WHO, has solicited the partnership of National Orientation Agency, NOA, Anambra State Directorate, to embark on an aggressive campaign against tuberculosis in the State.   The State Programme Manager, Dr Chukwulobelu Ugochukwu made this disclosure while briefing newsmen shortly after a meeting with the Director of National Orientation Agency, Anambra State, Barrister Charles Nwoji, at the agency's headquarters in Awka.   Dr Chukwulobelu said the essence of the meeting was to galvanize the support and collaboration of the National Orientation Agency and the media in mobilizing the people of the State for effective campaign against tuberculosis.   Revealing that Anambra State has  a high burden of tuberculosis and recorded one thousand and two cases of the disease in the last quarter of 2020, the TB Programme Manager expressed the readiness of his team to leave no stone unturned in ensuring that ndi Anambra know everything about the disease.   Also, the WHO TB Surveillance Officer in charge of Anambra State, Chukwuebuka Ugwu, expressed strong displeasure over people's high level of  ignorance and misconception about the disease, which he described as the oldest disease known to man.   He stressed that tuberculosis is curable and its test, as well as treatment free, and enjoined ndi Anambra to access TB services from any Primary Healthcare facilities in the State, even as he solicited the support of wealthy individuals in the State, adding that the fight against tuberculosis is capital intensive.   Responding, the State Director of National Orientation Agency, Barrister Nwoji, pledge total support of the agency to the health bodies and the people of the State, noting that the assistance of his agency for the campaign against tuberculosis is necessary and should be sustained to win the war against the age- long disease.   He assured that the agency’s field officers would soon be trained on all about tuberculosis to enable them to mobilize and educate the people in a way to internalize the knowledge of tuberculosis, its characteristics and signs, among others. 
APPAS Celebrates 3rd Anniversary in Awka
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-05-30 07:24:47CategoriesState Association of Past Presidents General of Anambra State, APPAS, has celebrated its third anniversary in Awka, Anambra State capital, with a call for more people oriented leadership style in Nigeria. The association used the occasion to assess members’ performances over the years, as well as identify where to improve for its progress and that of communities in Anambra State.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports the event with the theme, "The Role Of Grassroots Leaders In Nation Building, A Case Study Of The Role Of Past Presidents General In Anambra State”, attracted the over two thousand members of the association from across the State, as well as dignitaries and members of the society, who came to celebrate with them. In his address, the National President of APPAS, Chief Omife Omife, described the association as one of the largest grassroot organizations in Anambra State, which is non-political and nonreligious, whose vision and mission is to join hands with other stakeholders to effect positive change and development in communities across the State.  Chief Omife, who called on all political parties, politicians, Anambra youths, and the entire ndi Anambra to maintain high level of civility and patriotism in the forthcoming gubernatorial election, in order to prevent any form of electoral violence or bloodshed, urged INEC to ensure a level playing ground for all political parties and candidates participating in the election, by applying equity and equal application of the law to all without discrimination. In a presentation on the theme of the event, Dr Chike Obidigbo posited that leadership positions are for services and sacrifices, saying that leaders in this part of the world must learn to see their positions as such, and not opportunities to enrich themselves, in order to enthrone a peaceful society. In various interviews, Executive members of the association, including the Acting National Secretary, Engineer Obiora Uyadi, National Treasurer and  Chief Sunday Ozumba, among others, restated the commitment of the group towards grassroots development.  In their separate remarks, the Chairman of Organizing Committee of the event and the Past President General of Obosi community, Sir Dan Igbokwubili, Past President- General of Achalla community, Comrade Anthony Odiegwu, and his Aguluzigbo counterpart, Engineer Simeon Okafor, commended the leadership of APPAS for its transparency and sacrifices for the growth of the association, and identified love and unity among members as factors that would take them to an enviable height. On his part, the State President of Ohanaeze Ndi-Igbo, Prince Emeka Udodeme commended the group for their nonpartisan nature and commitment to community development, describing them as critical for nation building. 
Anambra Govt  Takes Delivery Of 40 Sets Of Computer Sets From NIMASA
AuthorNGOZI OBILERIDate2021-05-30 07:20:10CategoriesState Anambra State Government has taken delivery of forty computer sets and accessories from Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, NIMASA.   The donation was made at the Office of the Secretary to the State Government at the Government House, Awka.   Correspondent Ngozi Obileri covered the event and  reports that while presenting the items to the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, who received them on behalf of Governor Willie Obiano, the Executive Director Finance and Administration, NIMASA , Honourable Chidi Offodile said the donation is part of their corporate social responsibilities to give back to the society, as is the tradition of the Agency.   Honourable Offodile said NIMASA will continue to offer help where necessary to ensure better life for Nigerians in their own little way, urging Schools that would receive the materials to make optimal use of them.  Receiving the items, Professor Chukwulobelu appreciated NIMASA for the gesture and for always supporting Anambra State Government, recalling that the Agency also brought palliatives to the State during the COVID 19 lockdown, and has now brought educational material for schools.   Professor Chukwulobelu noted that the items will no doubt boost quality education in the State, adding  that the Government is looking forward to more donations.   Also speaking, the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C- Don Adinuba said the donation will go a long way in enhancing Anambra's competitiveness as the most education-advanced State in Nigeria, and will further strengthen the training on ICT given to teachers in Anambra State two years ago, in line with Governor Obiano's vision of making every teacher in the State ICT compliant.   Other items donated by NIMASA include, White boards, erasers, markers, work books, exercise books, New Primary English one to six, Basic Science Technology text book one to six, New General Mathematics for senior secondary schools one to three, among many other instructural materials. 
Public Service Announcement On The Use Of Motorcycles, Tricycles And Shuttle Buses In Anambra State
AuthorAnambra state governmentDate2021-05-29 06:48:24CategoriesState In view of the need to improve security in the State and address observed incidents of crimes using Trycycles, motorcycles and shuttle buses, the State Government after due consideration, wishes to direct as follows: 1. That the earlier ban on the use of motorcycles in greater Onitsha and Awka areas during the day and night, remains in full force. Any motorcycle found within these areas will be impounded and forfeited; 2. That the use of motorcycles, tricycles and shuttle buses across the State is now BANNED between 7pm and 6am daily with effect from Saturday 29th May 2021 and for 1 month in the first instance; 3. That shuttle buses are henceforth banned from using tinted glasses or curtains while plying on Anambra roads. All other vehicles either with factory fitted tinted glasses or plain glasses must wind down while approaching any security check point to avoid embarrassment; 4. Henceforth, any community where Keke is used to Rob or commit any crime, the use of Keke will be banned totally in that area and the union exco sanctioned. Same measures will be applied in the case of shuttle bus and motorcycle. Government hereby directs full mobilisation of community youths and stakeholders across the State to take ownership of security in their immediate environments and assist the Police and other Law enforcement Agents to enforce these directives and quickly restore law and order in our State. Announcer Prof. Solo Chukwulobelu Secretary to Anambra State Government 28/05/21 
Commentary: The Need To Keep Our Environment Clean
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-05-29 06:43:08CategoriesColumnist It is the duty of government to set rules for a society, which help its members relate well with one another. Every government expects its citizens to be men and women of good character who are obedient to the laws of the state and respect to the rule of law. This is among the most important obligations of the citizens towards the government. A good citizen contributes to the well ordering of the state and the environment.
The Governor Willie Obiano administration is committed to addressing environmental challenges in Anambra state. This is evident in promulgating a law to establish the Anambra State Clear Drainage and Forest Preservation Agency for the purpose of ensuring clean drainage system and Sewages as well as creating and maintaining forests in the state.
Recall that in September last year, Governor Obiano declared that blocking of drainages across the state would be considered as criminal offence. He warned people who block drainages with refuse to desist or face sanctions. The governor also said that government had constituted a task force to apprehend offenders, including those who failed to clear drainage in front of their houses and business areas.
It is a well known fact that blocked drainage is a major contributory factor to flooding in any environment. Most failed roads are as a result of flood water finding its way into the roads because its paths have been blocked, thereby causing havoc on the roads.
Flooding, silted drains, building on flood channels and poor waste management have been major bane to development across the state. Thus, waste management system requires attitudinal change and cooperation of the public. The state citizenry needs to cultivate the right environmental practices to protect the environment as well as their health.
Whatever one is doing, he or she needs to make out time to attend to the immediate surroundings, especially now that the rainy season has commenced. There is need for people to engage in periodic clean-up exercise in order to open up flood channels. We must tidy up our surroundings to enhance a healthy living.
A dirty and polluted environment breeds diseases and infections like typhoid fever, malaria, Lassa fever, diarrhea and even the coronavirus, which has brought the world to its knees, among many others.
As citizens of good character, our goodness needs to reflect in all we do, including our environment. Let’s use today, which is environmental sanitation, to keep our surroundings clean. Gather your family members, neighbours, fellow traders and participate in today’s clean up exercise.
Stop littering your surroundings with refuse. There are designated areas where you are expected to dump your refuse for the appropriate agency to carte them away. Ndigbo are known for cleanliness. Unfortunately, it seems that the value is fast eroding us.
Our penchant for cleanliness must be revived if we must save our environment from degradation. Anambra is the only state we have. Let us join hands together to keep the state clean, healthy and preserved for posterity.
Madam Nwanneka Ubadike Laid To Rest At Oba, Idimili South Council Area
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-05-29 06:37:51CategoriesState A life well lived, really calls for celebration. Little wonder the children of late Madam Nwanneka Ubadike honoured her with befitting burial ceremony.   Correspondent, Njideka Okoye reports that at the burial ceremony of late Madam Ubadike  people from far and near, host of Bishops, including Bishop Paul Udogu of Afikpo Diocese, the clergy from across Nigeria among others converged to pay their last respect to the icon.  During a  burial service at late Pa Godwin Ubadike's compound Isu Ebii village Oba, Idemili South Council Area, officiated by the retired Anglican Bishop of Nike Diocese, Right Reverend Evans Ibeagha and assisted by other Bishops, Bishop Ibeagha in his sermon titled "what you sow, you will reap" urged the people to sow their life back to God through Jesus Christ and into the life of others, describing the deceased as a committed Christian, who sowed into the life of others.   For the son of the deceased, Sir Chris Ubadike, his late mother was an icon till her death, a woman of hard work, peace and love, who trained her children with the fear of God while her only daughter in-law, Lady Christy Ubadike said late Madam Nwanneka was a giver, an encourager and a God fearing woman.  One of the relations of the deceased, Chief Boniface Onyeka-Okom said they do things in common and prayed God to help them keep her legacies alive.   The Regent of Oba, Chief Noel Ezenwa noted that late Madam Nwanneka was not just a woman but strong woman, who represented a complete family set up.  Some of the grand children, including Mrs. Ifeyinwa Nwako and Mr. Ifesochukwu Ubadike, said that their grandmother thought them how to be industrious while the deceased sister, Mrs. Jessy Obasoanya described her as a good woman.   The burial ceremony featured condolences by in-laws, friends and relations. 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala Asks Media To Champion Enlightenment On Family Planning
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-05-29 06:30:29CategoriesHealth State The media has been charged to champion advocacy and public enlightenment on the importance of family planning for a healthier society. The Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala, gave the charge during the Anambra State Media Roundtable Meeting on family planning in Awka. Correspondent, Valentine Mbadugha reports that Dr. Okpala, who spoke through the Director of Public Health and Disease Control, Dr. Uchechukwu Onyejimba noted that the importance of media in achieving universal health coverage can never be overemphasized. He stated that the ministry through the support of the Obiano led administration has made remarkable achievements in the health sector, even as he frowned that people still have misconception about family planning. The Director of News and Current Affairs Department of the ABS, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze, who is one of the stakeholders, highlighted the importance of family planning and described the meeting as apt. On his part, the Director, Community Health Services, Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Dr. Frank Umeh, who appreciated the media for its input, assured of greater improvement. The Head of Television, Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mrs. Ify Unachukwu, during the meeting presented the findings from their third media tour of PHCs in Anambra State and recommended possible solutions  to challenges discovered. The roundtable, facilitated by Franca Madike, had media practitioners from across the state in attendance, including Director of Programmes, ABS Mrs. Nneka Ekwunife, and the General Manager, Kpakpando FM Mbaukwu, Lady Monic Okechukwu among others. 
Mrs Anigbogu  Tasks Mothers On Early Orientation Of Children On Puberty
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-05-29 06:28:12CategoriesHealth Menstrual Hygiene Day is an annual awareness day to highlight the importance of good menstrual hygiene management at global level. It was initiated by a German-based NGO, WASH United in 2014. Correspondent, Queen Anigbogu has more on this reports that menstruation is a normal blood flow that comes out of the bodies of women periodically or on monthly basis. Statistics have it that about eight hundred women and girls menstruate every day. The significance of the day is to break taboos surrounding menstruation and raise awareness of the importance of good menstrual hygiene management. Speaking with the ABS, the Nursing officer in-charge of Maternal and Child Health Centre, Amawbia, Mrs. Ifeyinwa Anigbogu, explained that when a woman menstruates regularly, it shows that the reproductive system of such a person is functioning properly but when it is otherwise, it calls for medical attention. She disclosed that girls start menstruating between the ages of eight to fifteen and called on mothers to begin early to teach their children about puberty. On the good management of menstrual hygiene, Mrs. Anigbogu, noted that if it is not properly managed hygienically, it has a very grave implication that leads to the development of Toxic Shock Syndrome, which is body temperature elevation and Reproductive Tract Infection, which occurs when one does not use clean pads or other menstrual products in managing the period. Mrs. Anigbogu, who advocated the use of sanitary pads for menstrual management however, appealed to government to make menstrual products affordable. In her remarks, a student, Miss Faith Egba, revealed that she learned about menstruation in school and advised mothers to endeavour to be the first to teach their girl-child about menstruation. Menstrual Hygiene Day, celebrated on May twenty-eight every year , has this year’s theme as "We Need to Step up Action and Investment in Menstrual Health and Hygiene. 
NLC Threatens Industrial Action If FG Increases Pump Price Of Petrol
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-29 06:24:52CategoriesNigeria The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has vowed to shut the nation’s socio-economic activities without notice, should government increase the pump price of petrol with a kobo, as clamoured by governors.   NLC in a communique after its National Executive Council, meeting, said its leaders viewed the proposal by the Nigeria Governors Forum, NGF, for a three hundred percent increase in the price of petrol as the height of provocation, arbitrariness, detachment and insensitivity to the current economic realities in the Country.   The communiqué signed by President of NLC and Acting General Secretary, Ayuba Wabba and Ishmail Bello respectively, said NEC also noted that there is currently no negotiation with government over fuel price increase.   The NEC re-echoed its decision that the only sustainable way out of the crisis of fuel importation and associated dislocations in the downstream petroleum sub sector, is for government to rehabilitate all four public refineries in Nigeria and build new ones.   They also resolved that any decision to increase by even one cent, the price of refined petroleum products, especially Premium Motor Spirit, will attract an immediate withdrawal of services by Nigerian workers all over the country without any further notice. 
Bishop Ezeofor Tasks  FG On Measures To Tackle Insecurity
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-05-29 06:22:23CategoriesState The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor has called on Federal Government to map out far reaching measures that will guarantee safety of Nigerians where ever they reside.   Bishop Ezeofor made the call while presenting his charge to delegates attending the first session of the Sixth Synod of the Diocese, holding at Saint John the Divine Church Oko, Orumba North Local Government Area.   Correspondent Emmanuel Chigbata reports that Bishop Ezeofor regretted the high rate of uncertainty in different parts of the country due to insecurity and called for concerted efforts to checkmate the ugly trend.   He charged members of Knights of the Diocese to be steadfast in their duties as soldiers of Christ, warning that those who are found wanting in their role should be sanctioned.   Bishop Ezeofor called on Anambra State government to consolidate on the achievement recorded in it's security apparatus, since according to him, no meaningful life, progress and investment can be expected in a place where people are not safe.   The Anglican prelate commended Governor Willie Obiano for fulfilling his promise of completing the Anambra International passenger and cargo Airport project without borrowing money from anywhere.   According to Bishop Ezeofor, the Airport project will no doubt improve the revenue profile of the state in addition to offering employment to the teeming youths  On the November sixth Governorship election, Bishop Ezeofor while supporting the Zoning of the Governorship seat to Anambra South Senatorial District, advised aspirants who are not from the South to have a rethink in the Interest of equity, Justice and Fair play.   He called for a holistic restructuring of the Nigerian Nation to save people from agony and untold hardship.   Bishop Ezeofor called on the Federal Government to respect the sanctity of various institutions in making appointments especially the Judiciary, to restore people's confidence in them as the last hope of the common man  Speaking on the theme of the Synod "Divine principles of transformation discipleship", Bishop Ezeofor charged Christians to go into action to bring revolution which will eventually transform the society.   Moving a motion to accept the Bishops charge as a working document, the chancellor of Aguata Diocese, Justice Pete Obiora charged Christiians to join hands in transforming the society.   In their various interviews, Venerable Augustine Ezeigwe, Lady Uche Nwosu and the President Aguata Diocesan Council of Knights, Sir Isaiah Ezeezika, an industrialist, Mr. Godwin Ezeemo expressed optimism that the synod through its theme will go a long way in transforming the society and charged delegates to put into practice knowledge they will garner from the Synod.  Over seventeen Bishops, including the Archbishop of the Province of the Niger, and Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim, former Deans of church of Nigeria, Most Reverends Maxwell Anikwenwa and Christian Efobi, the member representing Orumba North at the State House of Assembly, Honourable Emeka Aforka attended the ceremony. 
Anambra Lawmaker Udoba Reassures Of Legislation To Promote Welfare Of Children, Youths
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-05-29 06:13:13CategoriesState The Member Representing Anambra West Constituency in the State House of Assembly, Hon. Patrick Obalim-Udoba says the House will continue to make laws that will be beneficial to children and youths.   Hon. Udoba who stated this in commemoration of 2021 Children's Day Celebration noted that Children remain the hope of every nation, hence, the need for Government at all levels to take issues concerning their well-being seriously.   The Lawmaker regretted that many children across the Country are suffering from one form of domestic violence or another and called on State Houses of Assembly and National Assembly to continue to make laws that will protect their welfare.   Hon. Udoba commended Governor Willie Obiano for placing priority on the welfare of Anambra children as well as implementing policies and programmes that will assist them in becoming better citizens of the nation.   He therefore appealed to children in the State, especially Anambra west Constituency, to remain loyal and obedient to their parents and guardians and shun all acts that can mar their future. 
NUJ Inaugurates Caretaker Committee For ABS Chapel
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-05-29 06:11:00CategoriesState The Nigerian Union of Journalists, Anambra State Council has inaugurated a three man caretaker committee to run the affairs of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS Chapel of the Union.   The three man committee has Comrade Ejike Abana as Chairman, Chukwuemeka Modilim, Secretary and Nneka Ibe-Anoliefo as member.   Correspondent, David Okpokwasili reports that the Committee will take over from the Ebele Eze led Caretaker Committee who were appointed in August, 2019 and has outserved their appointment.   Inaugurating the Committee, the State Chairman of NUJ, Sir, Emma Ifesinachi mandated the new caretaker committee to ensure they become the last in the successive caretaker committees that had been appointed to run the Chapel of the Union since 2015, by conducting an election that will see to the emergence of a substantive executive for the Chapel.  He charged the committee to return the ABS to its glory days as major players in the State Council of the Union, stating that the union should be light bearers of the Anambra Union of NUJ.   Reading out the Constitution of the Union to the new committee, the State Secretary of the Union, Mr. Emma Udeagha asked them to carry out the Chapel activities in line with the constitution of the Union and ensure that there is a seamless communication and relationship between the Chapel and the State Council of the Union.   Contributing, the Director of News and Current Affairs of the ABS, Mr. Gab Okpaleze assured the support of the management of ABS to the new committee and urged them to know that gone are the days when labour engagement is filled with acrimony and hostility, but to apply the tools of dialogue and negotiations while pursuing the interests of their members.   Accepting the appointment on behalf of the Caretaker Committee, the Chairman, Comrade Abana, assured that the committee will stick to the terms of reference of their appointment, deliver on their mandate, promote and protect the interest of their members.   In a vote of thanks, the Secretary of the Caretaker Committee, Mr. Modilim thanked the leadership of the Union for finding them worthy of the appointment and promised that they will work hand-in-hand with the mother union. 
Commentary: The Sanctity Of Public Opinion In A Democracy
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-28 06:39:34CategoriesColumnist Something sad is happening in our society; the society is drifting seriously. There was a time in Nigeria that the public arena was dominated by ferment ideas that pushed boundaries, destroyed illusions and enabled societal progress. Those were the days when idealists and progressives exerted great influence on public policy, and their input into the governance process could not be ignored.
Ideas are strong elements of nation building, and even where interests are at play, one knows the quality of a country by the manner in which a taste for good thinking propels the leadership process. Public opinions are at the centre of this phenomenon: they include views and wishes of leaders, as representatives of the people and who use their expertise and exposure to garner opinions, then, shed light on a broad range of issues.
They also include journalists, opinion moulders, leaders of thought, academics and other professionals who question society’s direction, and offer alternative ideas. The beauty of public opinion is that the opinionists are disinterested parties, they are interested in ideas not for their own benefit, but for the overall good of the society.
Between the 60s and the 90s, there was so much fascination with ideas in this country; it was as if the public mind was on fire. Academics from various disciplines took a keen interest in the prospects of the new Nigeria, and they went to the public arena to project ideas. They shape public opinion.
Many who lived during that era will remember the debates over the IMF/Structural Adjustment Programme. The debates were based on facts and figures, devoid of political, religious or ethnic sentiments and myopic interests.
As the years went by however, public opinion began to decline. It now appears that the flame of public opinion in Nigeria is almost a flicker. Public opinion in Nigeria, no matter how relevant, is now dismissed because of obsession with individual, parochial, religious and ethnic interests. Sentiment, favouritism, hatred and inequality have compromised sanctity of human life, equity, fairness, law and order. Hence, it now seems as public opinion is no longer the bedrock of democracy. Public opinion, that was once vibrant platform, is no longer upheld.
The effect is that we are in the age of clichés, of jargon speeches, of mundane, unimaginative commentary, even by leaders who should be major beneficiaries of the intellectual property of the public opinion. Whatever appears popular public opinion is written off as mundane, divisive, retrogressive, arrogant and targeting a particular section of the society.
There is no quality debate on anything because some people have resorted to making fashionable statements that suit them and their minority clique. Many leaders are locked in their own little corner, not willing to listen to the other side of the story. They are interested in easy stuff, in fashionable opinions that align with their own partisan interests. It is really sad that today, public opinion is seen as a threat.
What we have lost is not public opinion, as there are many Nigerians who are experts in their narrow fields. There are still leaders who listen to the wishes, aspirations and heartbeats of their people and are willing to bury their ego and political interest, race or region for the common good of all. They believe that public opinion is still a tool for social progress.
Having tried over the years to engage the governance elite with ideas and to show that only good ideas should govern society and having been spurned by some politicians, Nigeria’s public opinion seems to have become so frustrated.
But no! Public opinion cannot be relegated to such a stand, after all, that is the bane of democracy. Southern Governors’ Forum must be commended for taking the bull by its horns by leading in the current public debate on some pertinent issues that can move Nigeria forward. Let us give them our ears, for, according to Abraham Lincoln, “if there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it”.
WRITTEN BY DR. TIMOTHY IFEDIORANMA 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala Urges  Resident Doctors To Uphold Sense of  Commitment In Service Delivery
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-05-28 06:34:41CategoriesHealth State Resident  Doctors and other healthcare provider have been urged to uphold high sense of commitment and dedication in their strive to safe lives . Speaking while declaring open a forum in Awka, the State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala noted that Resident Doctors play fundamental role in training the needed manpower in healthcare facilities. Paul Ezeoke reports that Dr Okpala said the state government is providing necessary incentives and empowerment to encourage them towards  higher productivity.  
In a lecture titled " Improving the quality of Care : the role of Resident Doctors ,the Commissioner extolled the contributions of healthcare providers in the fight against coronavirus pandemic and noted that the pandemic provided a lot of opportunities  for research and innovations that have repositioned healthcare system for quality service delivery.
He urged the doctors to remain focus and expand their field of knowledge and skills to meet emerging challenges in the sector .
In another lecture, the Executive Secretary of Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme Agency , ASHIA Dr Simeon Onyemechi said the scheme has among other things, ensure effective quality healthcare services without financial challenges geared towards promoting wellbeing of Ndi Anambra of all ages.

Dr Onyemechi explained that no nation achieves Universal Health Coverage without subsidizing healthcare services and increasing fiscal space to mobilize extra resources for improved healthcare services
He disclosed that   the mobile Health Insurance platform launched recently aims at expanding access to the scheme and ensure uninterrupted services to beneficiaries.
The Chief Medical Director of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Teaching Hospital Amaku Awka said the forum would help  in capacity building for the doctors for quality service delivery.
The Commissioner and ASHIA Executive Secretary were later presented with awards . 
Rotech Energy Services Embarks On City Marketing Tour To Onitsha, Nnewi
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-05-28 06:31:29CategoriesState Rotech Energy Services Limited, the proprietor of Anambra Luxury Place Estate, Phase 1 Nkwelle GRA has embarked on an aggressive City Marketing Tour to Onitsha, Nnewi and environs.   Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that throughout the duration of the movement, the marketing team of the company canvassed the need for more people to heed to the Aku Lue Ulo Call of the present administration.  The team led by its Manager,ff the campaign and drummed the aku-luo-uno message from the estate at Nkwelle to the Borromeo roundabout, through Awka road down to DMGS roundabout via Ose and Main Markets, Onitsha.   The team equally went to Okpuno Otolo Nnewi, Old Onitsha Road Nnewi, Ultramodern Main Market Nnewi, through Electrical Parts Market Obosi, and Building Materials Market Ogidi among other places.  According to Mrs. Nweke, the essence of the tour is to acquaint the local public about the estate, which according to her, has many features including security, good road network with drainage system, related water system, CCTV, electricity, hospital, shopping mall, police and fire service stations, among others.   While saying gone are the days Ndi Igbo assisted in developing other lands, Mrs. Nweke emphasized that the time to invest at home is now as the company has made it simple for people to own their own lands or buildings adding that with thirty thousand naira, developers can get a square meter of land within the estate  Luxury Place Estate Nkwelle, GRA owned by Chief Austin Oguejiofor of Engugwu-Ukwu, is a partnership between Anambra State Government and Rotech Energy Service Limited.   The company, which has provisions for five bedroom duplex with two bedroom boys’ quarters, four bedroom duplex with two bedroom boys quarters among others, is based in Abuja. 
Anambra  Commerce Commissioner Okafor Asks Traders To Obtain C of O  For Shops
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-28 06:27:30CategoriesState Market Leaders have been charged to obtain Certificates of Occupancy for shops in their various markets to ensure valid proof of ownership for traders. The Commissioner for Trade and Commerce, Mr. Uchenna Okafor gave the charge during a meeting with stakeholders and market leaders in Awka. The Commissioner represented by the Permanent Secretary in the ministry, Sir Chinedu Ike disclosed that the decision was as a result of several complaints received from local government authorities. According to him Anambra State Government through the Ministry of Trade and Commerce will issue Certificates of Occupancy only to traders, who have obtained their allocation papers from the local government authorities. Mr. Okafor explained that a website will be created to capture and store all data of traders, who have secured their Certificates of Occupancy. Also speaking, Mr. Edwin Muozom from Nnewi Zone noted that some persons in his area have sold a particular shop severally stressing that the certificates will end strife among traders as regards ownership. The chairman, Bridge Head Market Onitsha, Mr. Sunday Obinze suggested that the information be conveyed effectively. Also speaking the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Trade and Commerce, Mr. Albert Ibekwe said the concept is beneficial as traders can present their Certificates of Occupancy as collateral businesses. 
Obiano Calls For Collective Action To Promote Quality Education
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-05-28 06:21:27CategoriesState The Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square Awka was yesterday filled to brim as pupils and students from Awka South local Government Area trouped out en masse to join their counterparts across the nation in commemorating the 2021 Children's Day. The day with theme, "effects of COVID-19 on the total wellbeing of children: the way forward', attracted all the ministries, agencies and stakeholders in the Education sector.  Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor-Okoye was there and  reports. the speaker, Anambra State Children's Parliament, Miss Faustina-Mary Okoye led other members of the parliament to the ceremony. Addressing the gathering, Governor Willie Obiano said that despite the effects of COVID-19, the state has continued to take the lead in the education sector as learning continued virtually through broadcasting.  Governor Obiano represented by the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha stated that the theme of the day requires that all hands must be on deck in ensuring that students acquire all they lost during the COVID-19 era, encouraging parents to provide their wards with technological  gadgets for enhanced learning.  In her address of welcome, the Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue applauded Governor Willie Obiano for remaining resolute in ensuring that the adverse effects of COVID-19, are reduced on children as well as creating a safe space for them. Later in an interview, the chairman, Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board, Mr. Patrick Ugbaja said the day aims at assessing children’s achievements, challenges as well as ways to nurture all round students.  Also speaking, Honourable Okoye advocated  the establishment of children's correctional center in the state as well as prioritize education for every child especially, those in rural and hard to reach areas including the introduction of e-learning facilities. Igwebike Grammar School Awka emerged the overall best in Secondary Schools’ match past while Practicing School Awka, emerged the overall best in primary schools. Calisthenics, match past and other displays added glamour to the day graced by the Secretary to the state government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, and the Commissioner for Indigenous Art, Culture and Diaspora Affairs, Chief Ken Anierobi among other dignitaries. 
Anambra Joins African Continental Free Trade Agreement
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-28 06:15:42CategoriesState Anambra State Government has joined in the African Continental Free Trade Agreements. The state Commissioner for Agriculture, Chief Nnamdi Onukwwuba, disclosed this during a meeting on Africa's Free Trade Agreements, held at Government House Conference Hall, Awka. Commissioner Onukwwuba noted that the meeting would enable stakeholders articulate on how Anambra State, as Sub Authority, will key into Africa Continental Free trade Agreements. He maintained that with Free Trade Agreements, countries can import and export goods and services without any tariff barriers or other non-tariff barriers to trade. He clarified that free trade birthed competition and reduces the price of imported goods and services as well as enables consumers to enjoy increased living standards. Commissioner Onukwwuba also advised all processors, producers and the state Chambers of Commerce to key into Free Trade Agreements to enable them exports top grade products to other countries. Contributing the Managing Director, Anambra State Investment Promotion and Protection Agency, ANSIPPA, Mr. Jide Ikeakor, commended  Governor Willie Obiano for championing the cause of agriculture in the state and harped on areas of comparative advantage Anambra  can bring to table as a state. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Barrister Pauline Nwandu her SSG’s counterpart, Mrs. Ndidi Onuorah among others were dignitaries present at the meeting. 
NSCDC Parades Man 48, In Awka For Alleged Child Defilement
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-05-28 06:13:55CategoriesState A forty-eight-year old man, Thomas Igbo from Ikolo, Igbo-Etiti Local Government Area of Enugu State has been paraded by Anambra State Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC for alleged child defilement. Mr. Igbo, who is resident in Enugwu-Ukwu, Njikoka Local Government Area with his wife and four kids, is suspected for sexually abusing his three female children aged eighteen months, four and eight years.  The suspect confessed to sexually abusing his eldest daughter but totally denied molesting the remaining two although his four year old daughter confirmed the molestation to a human rights group, Child Protection Network, which facilitated the arrest. Also a report from the Ntasi Centers for Sexual Assault Cases, General Hospital Enugwu-Ukwu confirmed that the three children have been molested severally. The suspect accepted to have only had intercourse with the eight year old girl once and blamed his action on alcohol influence. The state Commandant, NSCDC, Mr. David Billie said the investigation by the Corps has gone far and the suspect will be charged to Court immediately the Judiciary Staff Union of Nigeria, who has been on strike over judiciary autonomy, returns to work and the Court, resumes full activities. Mr. Billie bemoaned the painful story and asked parents to be more responsible in taking care of their children. Narrating how the ordeal was discovered, the spokesperson for Child Protection Network, Mrs. Oluchukwu Chukwuenyem, reported that the case was brought to their notice after a neighbor noticed the despicable behavior of the man. According to Mrs. Chukwuenyem, who is also the Director of SafeNest, the daily chore of the man was to take the children separately on daily basis to the bathroom, mostly between 9pm and 10:30pm but what made the neighbor raise eyebrows was the day he asked them in Pidgin English, "e sweet" to the neighbor's hearing. 
Anambra Govt Inaugurates Panel Of Inquiry Into Omor, Anaku Boundary Dispute
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-05-28 06:10:30CategoriesState Anambra State Government has inaugurated a-thirteen-man panel of inquiry into Omor and Anaku boundary dispute. The panel has retired Air vice Marshall Ben Chiobi as its chairman, and Mrs. Chinyere Nwabachili as the secretary. Members of the panel are the state Attorney General, Dr. Uju Nwogu, Mr. Alex Onukwue, Chief Paul Odenigbo, Chief Tony Chinedu, Mr. Emma Makwudo, and Chief Ifeanyi Ajoku. Others include the President General of Anaku Community, Mr. Friday Nwuba, his Omor counterpart, Mr. Benjamin Chukwuemaka, Omor youth leader, Mr. Peter Ananti, and that of Anaku, Dr. Chukwuemaka Iloanya. Its terms of reference include to establish immediate and remote causes of the crisis that occurred between Anaku and Omor communities, to write and interview the families and communities that claim ownership of the disputed land, and to establish the boundary between Anaku and Omor Communities.  Other reference include, to recommend other possible solutions that will guarantee lasting peace in the area, conclude its assignment within one month, and submit the report to the government on or before June thirtieth, 2021. Inaugurating the panel, Governor Willie Obiano represented by his Deputy, Dr. Nkem Okeke at the event held at the Government House Awka, asked the group to endeavour to enthrone lasting peace among the two warring communities at the end of their assignment, even as he reminded Anaku and Omor Communities that no mundane thing worths human life. Governor Obiano while regretting the rate at which communities in the state struggle for land, encouraged people of the state to handle any land issue legally instead of taking laws into their hands. UP SOT Speaking on behalf of others, the chairman of the panel, Retired Air vice Marshall Chiobi thanked the state government for finding them worthy for the assignment, and promised to reciprocate the gesture through excellent performance. 
Be Steadfast in Shielding Children from Deprivation and Abuse – Mrs Obiano
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-27 07:07:55CategoriesState Wife of Governor of Anambra State and founder of Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFE), Dr. Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano (Osodieme) has called on parents and guardians to be steadfast in protecting children from hunger and all forms of abuse. Mrs Obiano made the call in a Special Message signed on her behalf by Mr. Emeka Ozumba, the Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Anambra State in commemoration of Children's Day on May 27, 2021. In the message Mrs Obiano advised that it has become important more than ever before for parents and guardians to look after and ensure the wellbeing and safety of children. In her words; "I have no doubt that the precarious situation and worsening privation in the land has put enormous pressure on parents who unwittingly shirk commitment to the wellbeing of children as they go in search of succour, thereby leaving gap for all manner of predators and traffickers to break into homes in their absence." Continuing further she said; "As we celebrate the children, let us be mindful of the need to continously promote children's rights, and shield them from all forms of molestations and deprivations. One of the ways of achieving that is through advocacy and creating awareness of the prevailing threats and conscious of the dangers among children nationwide, as well as working steadfastly at improving their safety and welfare at all times." Mrs Obiano equally assured that she will continue to use the instrument of her NGO, CAFE, to promote and advocate  steady improvement in child mortality rate through regular immunization and prevention of childhood diseases; work with relevant agencies of government and partners to ensure the enforcement of the Child Rights Act within Anambra State and beyond and support stability in families as a means of raising future responsible leaders. She commended the Anambra State Government for being in the vanguard of states domesticating child friendly laws and sustaining attention to safety and welfare of children, as well as parents, guardians, teachers and other professionals caregivers for their role in the training of children for the good of the society. 
Commentary: 2021 Children Day Celebration
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-27 07:02:47CategoriesColumnist In compliance with the United Nations General Assembly Resolution of 1954 on Universal Children’s Day Celebration, Anambra State is joining other states in the federation to celebrate our Children and, as always, pay tribute to all children in the World, especially those that paid the supreme price in Soweto, South Africa.
This day is always unique, because it serves as an invitation to deeply reflect on challenges children are facing. A glance at this year’s theme, “Effect of COVID-19 on the Total Wellbeing of Children, the Way Forward”, provides an insight into emerging challenges faced by Children.
COVID-19 has, indeed, exacerbated the many challenges ranging from child molestation, rape, deprivation, child labour and the increasing incident of child abuse. The day therefore provides a unique opportunity to re-evaluate actions taken as policy makers, guardians and parents, in addressing these challenges faced by our future leaders, especially in this abnormal period of the “new normal”. How far have we collectively created a safe space for our children?
Year 2020 was considered a year of socio economic restrictions. The year crippled socio economic activities; as a result, more families were thrown into the poverty net. Hunger breaded frustration, and frustration increased violent conduct, which of course, increased domestic violence.
Records show that increasing number of couples needed a break from their marriages; broken homes became part of the new normal. The worst hit, with its attendant negative psychological effect, are our children.
Thankfully, in the midst of the crisis, Governor Willie Obiano (Akpokuedike Global) has continued to show love to our children, by ensuring that the adverse effect of COVID-19 is reduced on the children. Additionally, the youth and child-friendly governor of Anambra State has continued to push the bars of limitation by ensuring prompt payment of salaries to parents, to ensure that they meet their obligation to their children.
Others are continuous upgrade and repair of school infrastructure to ensure conducive learning environment for our Children, provision of palliatives to vulnerable groups, strengthening of relevant agencies of government to ensure enforcement of the rights of the Children, as well as working closely with the Judiciary to ensure justice for victims of rape and child molestation.
Akpokuedike has ensured sustenance of good maternal and child healthcare programmes, and ensuring increasing number of Ndi Anambra benefit from the Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme as well as effective partnership with donor partners to ensure the establishment of correctional center for children in conflict with the Law, and supporting the functionality of the Sexual Assault and Referral Center at Enugwu-Ukwu General Hospital.
In addition, the wife of the Governor, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano (Osodieme) has continued to blaze the trail by providing Psycho-Socio Support, recognizing that skill provides a sustainable pathway out of poverty, using her pet project, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFÉ, to train and empower more than 5,000 Ndi Anambra in various Skills, built over 27 houses for indigent widows and more than 50 boreholes & toilet facilities across various markets in the State.
In complimenting the efforts of the governor and his wife, the Ministry of Women and Children Affairs has continued to raid the streets to ensure that our children, who hitherto should be in school, are not used by anti-social agents of progress to perpetuate crime. It is worthy to note that these children, when raided, get rehabilitated before repatriation to their various States.
Ndi Anambra, as we celebrate another children’s day, we must continue to push beyond the limit in preserving and nurturing our future assets for a healthy and more productive society.
Special thanks goes to Governor Obiano and his caring, kindhearted and supportive wife, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano, for their selfless support to community children homes in the state and their massive support to indigent and vulnerable groups. God bless the people’s Governor and his wife. God bless Anambra, the light of the nation. God bless our Children.
WRITTEN BY LADY NDIDI MEZUE
ASHIA Cautions Medical Providers Against Unethical Conduct
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-05-27 06:53:14CategoriesState The Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi says health insurance scheme remains the surest way to achieve Universal Health Coverage.   Dr. Onyemaechi disclosed this while having a meeting with the directors of the agency's medical providers, held at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre, Awka.  Health Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that while addressing the managers of the agency implementing medical providers, the ASHIA boss who thanked them for their mutual relationship, noted that the meeting was to ensure that the quality of service their enrollees receive from the providers remains topnotch and equally align with international best practices.   Dr. Onyemaechi who is also the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Health revealed that the agency has delisted some medical providers who engage in unethical conducts and sharp practices and warned that they will not hesitate to sanction any medical facility that fail to discharge it's duty as stipulated on the terms of agreement of service.  The ASHIA boss maintained that the main goal of the scheme is to serve Ndi Anambra and other residents of the State, quality health which is accessible and affordable to all persons, in the context of Governor Obiano's vision of providing Ndi Anambra, healthcare system that is globally acceptable.   Two of the participants, Dr. Izunna Gbasiede and Dr. Innocent Okoye, described the meeting as fruitful and revealed their relationship with the agency as cordial.    UP SOT   Dr. Onyemaechi also used the occasion to introduce the Anambra Mobile Health Insurance, which is the latest innovation from the agency.   The meeting which had in attendance Managers of ASHIA, medical providers across the state climaxed with question and answer session. 
ASUP Accuses FG Of Undermining Polytechnic Education
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-05-27 06:49:02CategoriesState The national leadership of the Academic Staff Union of Polytechnics, ASUP, has accused the federal government of undermining polytechnics education in Nigeria by deliberately designing and implementing unfavourable policies in them.   The national President of ASUP, Comrade Anderson Ezeibe, at a press briefing held at Federal Polytechnic, Oko in Anambra State, said that government appears to establish polytechnics mainly to satisfy its political desires.  According to him, Nigerian has consciously, over the years, decided to shy away from its responsibilities towards developing skill-based education.   He said that this is contrary to the provisions in the nation’s policy on education adopted since 1977 which recognized the place of technical and vocational education in the development of the nation.   Comrade Ezeibe wondered whether the federal government has decided to do away with this sector even when polytechnic education has a very vital role to play in the development of the nation.   This he said was evident in the fact that thirty six new federal polytechnics were established in the recent past in addition to the two established about three years ago and different state governments are still establishing new polytechnics.   He lamented that after establishing the institutions, they are left to run empty handed, calling on the government to do the needful. 
Anambra Assembly Speaker Okafor Seeks Legislation For Adequate Protection Of Children
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-05-27 06:42:11CategoriesState The Speaker Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has called on both the National and State legislatures to enact laws that will guarantee adequate protection and training of the Nigerian-child. In his goodwill message to mark this year's Children's Day in Awka, Right Honourable Okafor enjoined parents to give proper home training and education to their children in order to get the best from them. The Speaker who described children as the pride of the family advised parents to always show equal love to their children. He charged children to study seriously and abstain from acts capable of tarnishing their image. Right Honourable Okafor while commending Governor Willie Obiano for the giant strides his government has recorded in education and the overall training of children of the state, enjoined affluent citizens to contribute their quota towards securing a bright future for the children. 
Senate Takes Public Hearing On Review Of 1999 Constitution To Anambra, Enugu, Ebonyi State
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-05-27 06:39:00CategoriesNigeria State Anambra, Enugu and Ebonyi States have joined others in the ongoing two-day simultaneous public hearing on the 1999 constitutional review, being organized by the Senate. The exercise will provide a platform for Nigerians to express their opinion on the fundamental laws through proposals that will improve their living standards. Government House Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the constitutional review is geared towards addressing some topical issues bordering the Nigerian-Nation including judicial and electoral reforms, local government autonomy, and devolution of powers.  In his address, the Deputy Senate President and Chairman Senate Committee on the Review of the 1999 Constitution, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege explained that the zonal public hearings have been designed to give the citizenry greater opportunity to make inputs in the Constitution amendment process, and assured that the National Assembly will ensure that the Nigerian Constitution is more people oriented after the review. The Deputy Senate President who was represented by a one-time Deputy Senate President and Senator Representing Enugu West at the National Assembly, Dr Ike Ekweremmadu commended the people of the three States for their active participation in the ongoing nationwide exercise.  In their various remarks, Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State and Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra state represented by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke while describing the constitutional review exercise as a right move by the National Assembly expressed the hope that the amendment of the Nigerian Constitution will guarantee the unity and prosperity of the country, and as well enthrone a nation where justice, equity and fairness shall prevail.  The public hearing attracted the Senator Representing Anambra Central at the National Assembly, Mrs Uche Ekwunife, her Anambra South counterpart, Senator Ifeanyi Ubah, Speaker Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor, his Enugu State counterpart, Right Honourable Edward Ubosi, that of Ebonyi State, Right Honourable Francis Nwifuru, members of Enugu, Anambra, and Ebonyi State Houses of Assembly, Civil Societies, Traditional Rulers among others. 
FRSC  Intensifies  Measures To Reduce Road Crashes In Anambra
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-05-27 06:30:50CategoriesState Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps has assured of full utilization of its mandate to reduce road crashes to the barest minimum through special operations while also ensuring free flow of traffic. The Sector Commander of the Corps, Mr. Adeoye Irelewuyi gave the assurance while speaking to the ABS in his office in Awka. Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi reports that Mr. Irelewuyi who recently assumed duty as the Anambra State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, said one of his main objectives is to reduce the high crashes on roads while making the roads safer for all. He revealed that most of the accidents are caused by over speeding and cautioned against driving on high speed, as special patrol and operation through compliance to traffic rules and regulations, easing of traffic flow within the metropolis and highways and installation of speed limit devices will be carried out to reduce road crashes. Mr. Irelewuyi also emphasized that they are working with critical stakeholders, such as the Ministry of Transport together with advocacy as a good approach in dealing with road safety issues. He called on Ndi Anambra to put their vehicles in order, especially their tyres, wipers and lights given that they are critical during this rainy season, as they will conduct random checks to ensure compliance. He also called on personnel ofthe Federal Road Safety Corps in Anambra State to respect the ethics and core value of the agency by being fair, firm and friendly at all times. 
Children's Day: Anambra Women And Children's Affairs Commissioner Mezue Calls For Adequate Investments In Children
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-27 06:27:15CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Women and Children's affair Mrs Ndidi Mezue says Children as future leaders should be properly taken care of. In a statement in Awka on the 2021 Children's day Mrs Mezue called on parents and care givers to always invest in the education of their children especially the girl Child to equip them effectively for leadership roles. She regretted the high rate of child abuse and labour in the society, saying that Anambra State Ministry of Women and Children's affair is currently collaborating with relevant agencies and stakeholders to check the ugly trend. Mrs Mezue used the opportunity to charge parents and care givers to monitor closely the kind of company their children and wards keep in order not to bring shame to their various families. The Commissioner for Women and Children's affair in Anambra state commended Governor Willie Obiano and his wife Dr Ebelechukwu, for all their Programmes aimed at improving the living standards of the people especially Women and Children praying God to always guide, protect and bless them. 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala Urges Ndi Anambra To Get Vaccinated Against COVID -19
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-27 06:20:39CategoriesHealth State Anambra State Commissioner for Heath Dr Vincent Okpala has urged Ndi Anambra to take advantage of the ongoing first and second doses of the COVID-19 vaccination to protect themselves. Dr Okpala who made the call in Awka noted that Anambra State Government secured another vaccine from the Federal Government for non-health workers after the first vaccine was administered on frontline health workers. The Commissioner explained that vaccines are the easiest means of preventing any infectious disease, especially the COVID-19 pandemic, noting that since the vaccines were discovered, some countries have gradually re-opened their airports and territorial borders. He assured that the State government will not relent in its efforts at ensuring that people do the needful. According to him, COVID-19 jabs can be received at the Government House and State Secretariat Clinic, Red Cross Amawbia and Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital Amaku Awka as well as the Headquarters of the twenty-one Local Government Areas. 
OPEC To Partner NACCIMA In Developing Nigeria's Oil And Gas Sector
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-05-27 06:18:25CategoriesBusiness Nigeria Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC says it will partner the Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce Industry Mines and Agriculture NACCIMA in developing Nigeria's oil and gas sector. The Secretary-General of the Organization Dr Mohammed Sanusi Barkindo stated this in Abuja shortly after receiving an Award of examplary public and International service careers from NACCIMA. The Secretary-General of OPEC Dr Sanusi Barkindo who was represented by the Organizations Media consultant and Immediate past Group General Manager Group public Affairs of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation NNPC, Mr Ndu Ughammadu, disclosed that OPEC and NACCIMA shares the same anniversary having been founded Sixty years ago. Dr Sanusi Barkindo extolled NACCIMA for its contributions to the growth and rapid industrialization of the Nigerian-Nation calling for sustenance. He thanked NACCIMA for recognizing his efforts in the Oil and Gas sector, saying that the Award will spur him towards achieving more stability in the international oil market which Nigeria depends for the majority of its revenue. Presenting the Award to the Secretary-General of OPEC Dr Sanusi Barkindo, the National President of NACCIMA Hajia Saratu Iya Aliyu described the recipient as humble and honest diplomat credited with restoring Market stability on a global scale. Abuchi Nwozor reports that the ceremony was chaired by the Minister of industry, Trade and investment Dr Adeniyi Adebayo, with the Secretary to the Government of the federation Mr Boss Mustapha as the special guest of honour. 
Late Madam Josephine Okeke Buried At Enugwu-Ukwu Njikoka Council Area
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-05-27 06:14:43CategoriesState A fulfilled life is made manifest in service to God and humanity, as was attested to in the life of late Madam Josephine Okeke known as “Gold Nwanyi” who was buried at her country home Etiti-Osili village Engwu-Ukwu.   Speakers at the a burial mass held in her honour at Saint Anthony's Catholic Church Enugwu-Ukwu testified of her commitment and service to God and humanity.   The Auxiliary Bishop of Awka Catholic Diocese, Most Reverend Jonas-Benson Okoye said late Madam Josephine Okeke was a faithful and devoted Christian who remained steadfast till her death and will be remembered for her work of charity, peace and service to humanity, urging her children to toe the part of their mother.  The two sons of the deceased, Chief Charles Okeke and Mr Innocent Okeke who described their mother as an epitome of peace, love and an encourager, said though they are men, she thought them how to cook.   For her first daughter, Mrs Obiageli Anakwue-Okafor, late Madam Josephine was a sweet, caring and prayerful mother even at her old age while another of her daughters Lady Sussan Agubata who thanked those who came to commiserate with them said though their mother died at the ripped age of ninety four, she will be greatly missed.  Some of her grand and great grandchildren, Onyinye Nwokoye, Chinwoke Agubata, Joy and Emeka Igbokwe said their grand and great grandmother was so dear and caring to them.   A friend of the family, Mrs Ebele Nwokoye said late Madam Josephine was a mother to all around her who cares without discrimination.   The burial ceremony featured condolences by in-laws, friends and relations including a former member that represented Awka North and South Federal Constituency, Chief Anayo Nebe. 
NDLEA Cautions Against Push To Legalize Cannabis In Nigeria
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-05-27 06:10:22CategoriesNigeria Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, retired Brigadier General Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd) has warned that the current moves by some stakeholders to push for the legalisation of cannabis in Nigeria will rob the country of the gains made so far in the renewed war against drug abuse and trafficking in the country.
The NDLEA boss spoke in Abuja yesterday at a national security summit organised by the House of Representatives.

He said the present figure of ten point six million Nigerians abusing cannabis is frightening and enough to sound the alarm bell.
Marwa said the strong nexus between drug abuse and the security challenges across the country is incontrovertible and there is no bigger national issue than the issue of insecurity in Nigeria.
According to him, insecurity is one of the biggest challenges threatening the country.
He opined that even though the President Muhammadu Buhari led administration is committed to to ending insecurity, it is presently, a full-blown malady with many manifestations such as insurgency, banditry, kidnapping, murder, robbery, reprisal killing.
Marwa urged lawmakers not to legalise cannabis because it will amount to taking a step forward and ten steps backward as it would rob the nation of recent gains in the war against illicit drugs.
He disclosed that in less than four months, the agency had been able to mop up over two million kilograms of illicit drugs, with over ninety billion naira worth of illicit substances seized.
APGA NATIONAL CHAIRMAN SIR VICTOR IKE OYE ASSURES PARTY FAITHFULS AND GUBERNATORIAL ASPIRANTS OF FREE, FAIR AND CREDIBLE PRIMARY ELECTION
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-26 07:20:03CategoriesPolitics State In a meeting with members APGA NWC held A at the party' s Secretariat at plot 1160 Cadastral Zone Bo7Katampe District Maitama Abuja on the 24th day of May 2021 . They deliberated on the way forward for the party, thereafter the issue of the on coming gubernatorial primary was succinctly treated. Oye stated clearly that the primary must be free, fair and credible. He further stated that the party guidelines and constitution must be strictly adhered to.  He assured Ndi Anambra and party faithfuls including aspirants that there is nothing to worry about that everything concerning the primary will be free fair and credible. Oye further assured Ndi Anambra that the party will produce a credible resourceful candidate as usual that will succeed Chief Willie Obiano Akpkokuedike worldwide, which has been the modus operandi of the party since the inception of APGA, starting from H E Peter Obi to H E Willie Obiano, who has been outstanding and incomporable in his giant strides to take Anambra State to the next level.  His has demonstrated tremendous good faith in the of provisions of dividends of democracy. Peter Obi did well too said Sir IKE OYE ,that Willie Obiano consolidated and went ahead to establish wonderful legacies that has put APGA and Anambra State on the world map and on the Hallmark of development worldwide. Nevertheless he advised the intending aspirants to do this contest with good faith, since we are of one family.  HE DECLARED THAT THE SALES OF PARTY PRIMARY ELECTIONS FORMS COMMENCES ON TUESDAY THE 25th DAY OF MAY 2021. APGA ! BE YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS KEEPERS!!! God bless APGA! God bless Anambra State!! God bless Nigeria!!! Signed Prophet Barrisster Tex Okechukwu APGA National Publicity Secretary 
Commentary: Importance Of Proper Diversification Of The Economy
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-26 07:04:38CategoriesColumnist At a one-day special summit on the economy recently, the Vice President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, and the Director-General, Budget Office, Mr. Ben Akabueze, called on foreign investors to invest massively in the country. They also appealed to the private sector players to synergize with government to bridge the yawning critical infrastructure deficit, which, they said, remained huge burden.
It is reassuring that the federal government, in liaison with the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, has churned out series of policy measures aimed at resetting the economy.
The global COVID-19 pandemic has made Nigerian political leaders to be conscious of building a resilient economy with great stress on the health sector at sub-national level of government. However, the fact must be recognized that any measure for repositioning the post-COVID-19 fragile economy should stop the deceptive rhetoric on the diversification of the economy.
The fact remains that economic diversification is inextricably interwoven with the restructuring of governance, which means massive devolution of powers from the over-loaded central government to the sub-national governments. No wonder why the retinue of commendations from right thinking individuals to the Southern Governor, who, in their Asaba Declaration some days ago, hit the hammer on the nail vis-à-vis restructuring.
No doubt, the present flawed structure has made the country the poverty capital of the world. Since the world is now a global village, foreign investors are sufficiently aware that there is virtually absence of conducive and enabling environment for high net-worth investments due to pervasive and seemingly intractable insecurity in the country.
In other words, they are not impressed with the politics being played with the security of lives and property. Consequently, the clarion call for massive devolution of powers with the attendant decentralization of security architecture has become a desirable and imperative.
There is no gainsaying the fact that serious-minded local or foreign investors will not afford to invest their hard-earned money in such a clime with faulty governance structure. They might conclude that their investments would be vulnerable to the uncertainties of central and sub-national governments’ laws and regulatory agencies working at cross purposes.
It is necessary to recognize the fact that banks constitute a significant segment of the organized private sector, the most important financial intermediaries and catalysts and engine of socio-economic growth and development. However, a restructured Nigeria, with the six geopolitical zones as regional governments, will make maximum use of the banks to explore untapped potentials in agriculture for sustained and inclusive growth.
This is the over-riding benefits of the clarion calls for the restructuring of the federation to restore true fiscal federalism as it was in the first republic.
The envisaged new federal structure with the geopolitical zones as regional governments will leverage on areas of comparative advantage. For instance, the federal government, in synergy with the Central Bank of Nigeria, floated “Anchor Borrowers Programme”, which resulted in enhanced food production with the attendant value addition for wealth creation and massive jobs for the unemployed people in addition to enhanced Gross Domestic Product [GDP].
The recent blockage of farmers from conveying their produce down south should be seen as a wake-up call on massive irrigation facilities in the southern part of the country for food cultivation all year round, including animal husbandry.
State governments should borrow a leaf from the Agricultural Credit Support Scheme [ASCC] floated by the federal government; in synergy with the Central Bank of Nigeria, which has demonstrated competence in economic diversification, away from mono-cultural crude oil-driven development, to galvanize the people for the untapped potentials in agriculture.
WRITTEN BY POLYCARP ONWUBIKO
INEC Counts Losses After Gunmen Attacks In Anambra, Enugu, Imo State
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-05-26 06:56:30CategoriesNigeria State The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, says fifty percent of the non-sensitive materials for the November sixth Anambra State governorship election already delivered to the state were lost in fire that rocked the INEC office in Awka on Sunday.   In a statement signed by the National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye, after an emergency session yesterday, said the attackers were systematic and selective in their targets.   The statement counted the pavilion which serves as Collation Centre during major elections, two stores housing electoral materials, three hundred and seventy six new and old but serviceable electric generating machines for all the Electoral wards as well as seven utility vehicles as some of the property lost to the fire.   It however, cleared that the Smart Card Readers were not affected.   Similarly, INEC office in Ahiazu Mbaise Local Government Area was also attacked but the damage was limited to a section of the building, specifically the windows and part of the roof.   No electoral materials or office equipment were destroyed.   However in Enugu State, the Igboeze South LGA office was attacked and the store was completely burnt down before the Enugu State Fire Service responded and prevented the inferno from razing other parts of the building.   The statement recalled that this is the third attack on INEC facilities in the State in less than two weeks following the destruction of the Udenu Local Government Area office on 13th May 2021 and the State Headquarters building in Enugu on 16th May 2021.   It said all three incidents in Anambra, Imo and Enugu have been reported to the Police for investigation. 
Obiano Happy With Pace Quality Of Work At International Conferences Centre Project Awka
AuthorNGOZI OBILERIDate2021-05-26 06:48:37CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has expressed satisfaction with the pace and quality of work at the International Conference Center in Awka.   Governor Obiano made this know when he went on inspection visit to the site.   The Governor visited the site after visiting the Anambra state headquarters of INEC in Awka where hoodlums attacked on Sunday night.   He said that the International Conference Center when completed will be one of the best in the country and can accommodate any crowd with its ten thousand sitting capacity.   The Governor commended the contractor for doing a good job and on schedule, even as he appreciated the Ministry of Housing for working day and night to ensure completion of the building according to specification.   On the spate of insecurity in parts of South East zone, the governor assured that Anambra will continue to fight crime to a fault, calling on the perpetrators of violence and crime to leave Anambra or have themselves to be blamed.   He added that the police and their sister agencies in Anambra are combat ready to march the criminals step by step. 
Anambra 2021 Guber: More Aspirants Jostle To Succeed Obiano
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-05-26 06:42:34CategoriesState A Chieftain of the  All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA, Chief Rommy Okoli says he has a divine call to consolidate on the good work of Governor Willie Obiano in the State, by the end of his administration, in March next year. Speaking during a press briefing in Awka, Chief Okoli said that his primary purpose is to build a new Anambra State and serve humanity with utmost sincerity, within envisaged ten point agenda that will advance sustainable development and growth in the State. According to him, he has strategic plans to take governance closer to the people at the grassroots and deepen democracy in Anambra State.  He equally pledged to continue with the security architecture put in place by the governor to fight insecurity and save lives and property. Chief Okoli called for support from members of the All Progressives Grand Alliance and critical stakeholders towards transforming a new Anambra State, assuring to use his wealth of experience, capacity, ideas, and managerial skills to move Anambra State forward. 
Senate Holds Public Hearing On Bill To Empower NIPOST To Collect Stamp Duty
AuthorReporterDate2021-05-26 06:37:40CategoriesBusiness Nigeria The Senate Committee on Communications has organized a public hearing on two bills. One of the proposed legislation, among others, empowers the Nigerian Postal Service to collect stamp duty for the Federal Government. Nigerian Postal Service and Federal Internal Revenue Service had been having issues over which of the government’s agencies is constitutionally empowered to collect stamp duty in the Country. The bills are the Nigerian Postal Service Act Repeal and Establishment Bill, 2021 and the Nationwide Toll-Free Emergency number Establishment Bill, 2021. The Post Master General of the Federation, Dr Ismail Adewusi, urged the National Assembly to expedite work on the bill, saying that the present Act was obsolete and inadequate in view of the rapid development and changes in the industry. He said passing the bill into law will not only bring the country at par with other countries which had reformed their postal sectors, but also boost postal revenues of the government and encourage local and foreign investments in Nigeria’s postal industry. 
