Commentary: The Purpose And Price Of Disruptive Change
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-07 06:46:37CategoriesColumnist On leadership, Africa has had a chequered history. While some see only the dark spots, others see multi colours of the good, the bad and the ugly. In some ways, part of our future is in our past. When one reads about the plans, values, passion, and accomplishments of some of Africa’s liberation/independence leaders such as Julius Nyerere, Kwame Nkrumah, Nelson Mandela, Nnamdi Azikiwe, etcetera, one has cause to smile as an African.
Back home, I am inspired by the examples of Aminu Kano, M.I. Okpara, Obafemi Awolowo, Sir Ahmadu Bello, etcetera in our first republic. We can fill up hundreds of pages as eulogy to our gallant and patriotic past heroes and heroines, including those distinguished civil servants, captains of industry, journalists, civil society activists, musicians, etcetera who worked hard and some even paid the ultimate price to see Nigeria a better place.
In our more recent history, especially since 1999, we have seen occasional glitters of hope here and there but despair deepens.  Around the continent, there is a mixture of bright and gloomy stories. “Africa Rising” was not just a fluke. The Dark Continent remains potentially the land of opportunities and could indeed be the global economic driver of the 22nd century.
But the time to lay the foundation is now. The second scramble for Africa is raging, with the Chinese on the loose.  Africa indeed needs new orchestra teams and new songs. It needs to run at the speed of a thousand kilometres an hour to seize back its future and shape its narrative.
Indeed, Africa needs a new liberation movement. The first struggle was liberation from the colonial masters. The second will be liberation from rentier politics and politicians. No doubt, there is almost a sense of nostalgia, recalling the mission and accomplishments of our founding fathers, especially as we contemplate the world without oil in Nigeria.  Much of the existing social order is founded on competition for, and distribution of, rents.
Oil and the easy money that came with it destroyed the social fabric and the elite created new institutions and political structures to maximize their gains. As the noose tightened globally on other rentier/criminal enterprises such as drug trafficking or internet scamming, many of the barons flocked into politics as the next easy alternative.
Politics has become big business. Appointment or election into public office is seen largely as an opportunity to “eat” rather than a call to selfless service. There is an army of rich, otherwise known as “big men”, who have never worked or done any productive work in their life and believe that it is their right to expect something for nothing.
The tiny less than one percent elite have a stranglehold on the public purse, sprinkling occasional crumbs to the citizens as ‘dividends of democracy’. The citizens themselves, either out of helplessness or acquiescence, join the party, expecting the politicians to dole out pittance out of public treasury as charity.
The citizens actually clap for such phantom “charity”. Politicians who refuse to do so are deemed as “stingy” or “wicked”, and the circus goes on. With a rentier system, a culture of freebies emerged, and most people don’t expect to pay for anything, including taxes, electricity, water, petrol, etcetera.
A classic feature of the political environment is that corruption has become part of the “culture”, with little incentive for honesty. Honesty is scorned as wickedness, foolishness or mere pretense, and those who dare to be different have a steep price to pay.
Oil is on its way out, but dismantling the decades-old debilitating institutions and politics around it won’t be a tea party. Nigeria is now at a fiscal cliff with a crunching solvency challenge. Youth unemployment, insecurity, poverty, inflation, etcetera threaten the social fabric.
In Nigeria, we remember what happened to Murtala Muhammed, and the history books are replete with hundreds of examples of the inherent risks. At a personal level, undertaking the banking revolution in Nigeria came with 19 written threats to me and my family, including physical attacks.  Disrupting the existing social order is dangerous. Beneficiaries of the current order are powerful enough to organize and viciously fight back to protect their privileges.
On the contrary, the masses who are the ultimate beneficiaries are not organized enough to act as a bulwark against the special interests. As things stand currently, we are standing between the rock and the hard place. With the objective to retain power within the context of short electoral cycles, politicians are afraid to undertake the necessary disruptive changes to guarantee long term safety and prosperity for all. On the other hand, the existing trends are totally unsustainable and the system is living on borrowed times. Everyone is sleepwalking to the hard place, and praying that somehow a miracle will happen along the way.
So, who is ready to put his head on the line to lead such productive but dangerous disruptions? Admittedly, fixing politics requires talent and skills. But these won’t be enough. It won’t happen by lone wolves working in silos. It requires new developmental organizations – teams of believers, driven by defined ideology, purpose and character. God bless Nigeria!
WRITTEN BY PROF. CHUKWUMA SOLUDO 
Obiano Urges Ndi Anambra To Support Soludo, Optimistic New Administration Will Excel
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-02-07 06:42:41CategoriesState Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has called on Ndi Anambra to give total support to the incoming administration.   Governor Obiano stated this when he joined the Metropolitan Archbishop of Onitsha, Most Reverend Valerian Okeke at his pastoral visit to St. Dominic Parish Agaja, Abatete. The Governor who stated that March 17th, 2022 is sacrosanct, thanked Ndi Abatete for mobilising their votes for the All Progressives Grand Alliance in the last election, expressing optimism that his successor will perform better than he did, but quickly reminded the people it will be far-fetched without their support. In a homily, Archbishop Okeke said that faith in God is the motivation that drives Christians to pray consistently for their needs, pointing out that faith in God shows the limitations of human power and the omnipotent powers of the divine, as God is all-powerful and all-loving to shower His faithful with favours when they pray to Him. Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that some members of the Anambra state Executive Council were part of the holy mass. 
Anambra International Cargo And Passenger Airport Maintains Improved Aircraft Traffic
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-02-07 06:37:55CategoriesState Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri has continued an impressive run with improved aircraft traffic and passenger numbers.   Information from the airport management says since the airport was approved by the regulator, Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), for commercial operations, from the seventh of December, 2021, up to the thirty first of January 2022, a total of three hundred and seventy-six flights and eleven thousand, eight hundred and sixty passengers have been recorded at the airport for scheduled and non-scheduled operations. With the approval from NCAA, Boeing 737-700 flights or its equivalent have started landing on the airport. 
ASATU National President Akpudo Restates Commitment Of Association To Entrenching Peaceful Co-existence In Communities
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-02-07 06:35:03CategoriesState The National President of Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU) Barrister Titus Akpudo says the association is committed to entrenching harmonious co-existence, peace and justice in all the communities in the state   Barrister Akpudo stated this at the Government House, Awka, during this year's first meeting of the association which kicked off with an interdenominational prayer session to seek God's face for the year, 2022. The programmes which attracted members of the association from different communities geared towards fashioning out ways to address some challenges faced by the association as the fourth tier of government, so as to promote government policies and programmes, in order to have a serene and peaceful State. The Presidents General also spoke on security issues in  various communities and reiterated determination of the association to continue to partner with the Transition Committee Chairmen of their local governments, in ensuring the safety of every onye Anambra, noting that security of life and properties of Ndi Anambra remains one of the top priorities of the Governor Willie Obiano led administration.   Barrister Akpudo charged their members to be more committed and dedicated in discharging their duties, as well as promote equity and justice at all times. He encouraged them to put in more energy to promote the association and disclosed that they will liaise with the Chairman, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, Obi Alfred Achebe of Onitsha, to address every issue of president general position in  communities, adding  that they have set-up a committee to that effect and pledged their loyalty to the state government. In their goodwill messages during the prayer, Reverend Canon Josiah Ozue and Reverend Father David Okonkwo challenged the PGs to live up to expectations, shun   sabotage or blackmail of one another, put the interests of their people first, and map out good strategies and techniques that will help them to carry out their assignments at all times.   Some of the Presidents General took turn to add their voices on how to move the communities forward so as to maintain sobriquet of the state, as light of the nation.   Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that the event climaxed with series of prayers for peaceful atmosphere to prevail in all the communities in the state and various families in particular. 
Aguleri Community Anambra East Council Area Holds Security Summit
AuthorNGOZI OBILERIDate2022-02-07 06:30:27CategoriesState Every developed society has its peculiar challenges that come with development either good or bad.   Aguleri community in Anambra state no doubt is counted among the fastest developing communities in Anambra state especially being the home town of the incumbent governor of Anambra state and a neighbouring community to Umueri, the host community of Anambra International passenger and cargo airport. These perhaps prompted, the traditional ruler of the community Igwe Michael Idigo,  to restructure the security architecture of the community to brace for the challenges ahead by organizing Aguleri security summit.   The Okpala square Ivite Aguleri hall, venue of the summit was filled to its capacity as the event witnessed the presence of Ndi Ichie and Ojiana Aguleri, women groups, youths and all the vigilante groups in the community as well as traditional rulers from within and outside Aguleri   Addressing the gathering, Governor Willie Obiano represented by his Chief of Staff, Chief Primus Odili said that the first miracle performed by his administration within the first few months of  inception was instituting a water tight security in the state which according to him repositioned Anambra  in the business world.   Governor Obiano said that all the security challenges being experienced in the community is as a result of the development in and around the community including the international passenger and cargo airport, noting that the summit is apt as it will afford them the opportunity to brainstorm on how to secure their community and indeed all communities in Omabala region against hoodlums. In his speech, the traditional ruler of Aguleri, Igwe Michael Idigo on whose instance the summit was organized said that security in the community is facing progressive challenges which has resulted in increase in crimes and criminalities brought about by influx of people and businesses in the area, noting that the summit was to provide the action plan that would change the system for better.       The Chairman on the occasion who is the fire boss in the state Air Vice Marshal Ben Chiobi noted that Governor Obiano integrated actionable intelligence in driving sustainable development of the state, urging the community to first understand their challenges, available resources and security structure and then launch a means of sustaining the security structure they want to reorganize which he said requires a lot of financing.   Lectures were delivered on security by Mr Ikechukwu Aduba and Major General Richard Chioba.   Some security personnel who attended the event including the  Divisional Police Officer, Otuocha zone, CSP Godwin Onyebuchi, a representative of Department of State Security Services Mr Michael Otedola and the representative of Nigeria Security and Civil Defense Corps Mrs  Elizabeth Ike who represented the state commandant NSCDS Mr Evaristus Obie, acknowledged that members of vigilante in the state have helped the security in the state in no small measure, and advocated recruitment of youths as vigilante members , installation of CCTVs in designated areas and good renumeration for them.   Earlier, the chairman organizing committee of the event, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor, who is the Commissioner for Works in Anambra state said that with few months to the end of administration of their son, Governor Obiano, with the rise in crime as a result of influx of people and development there is need for them to reorganize the existing security architecture in the community, and the Deputy chairman, of the organizing committee Chief Amaechi Akora, who is the Managing Director Anambra State Waste Management Agency, expressed happiness that the event was a huge success, appreciating Ndi Aguleri for answering their own call towards promotion of peace in their area while the chairman Aguleri Vigilante Committee Mr Anthony Orekyeh described the event as the right step in the right direction.   Ngozi Obileri reports that the summit which has “positioning the Aguleri community" as its theme, featured launching of Aguleri Security Trust Fund. 
UNICEF Calls For Collective Action Against Female Genital Mutilation
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-07 06:27:18CategoriesState Five states of the South East have so far recorded thirty-five percent of female genital mutilation cases which is the highest in the country, while the North East had Just six percent which is the lowest.   This was disclosed by the United Nations children’s fund, during a zonal media dialogue in Enugu as part of activities marking the 2022 international day of zero tolerance to female genital mutilation.   According to Mrs Maureen Zubie Okolo, the planning, monitoring and evaluation specialist of UNICEF, who noted that female genital mutilation is on the increase among Nigerian girls below fourteen years, Nigeria accounts for the third highest number of women and girls to experience mutilation in the world, describing the exercise as physically and psychologically harmful as according to her, it has no place in modern society.   In his speech the Director-General of Broadcasting Corporation of Abia state Mr Anyaso Anyaso represented by Mr Okezie Nkpa, who noted that female genital mutilation consists of all procedure that involves altering or injuring the female genital for non-medical reasons which according to him is a violation of human rights, the health and integrity of girls and women. In their  speeches, two resource persons, Mr Victor Atuchukwu and Barrister Ijeoma Ajanwachukwu said the media have important roles to play in the campaign against female genital mutilation.   The communication officer UNICEF field office Enugu, Dr Ijeoma Ogwe in her address said the media dialogue engaged Journalist with relevant skills on how to spearhead the campaign against female genital mutilation.   
Governor Obiano Hosts Anambra Service Commanders, Applauds Them For Gallantry
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-02-06 07:24:54CategoriesState Law enforcement agencies in Anambra state have affirmed commitment to ensuring protection of life and property of citizens and people living and operating in the state. Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Echeng Echeng stated this on behalf of security agencies the state, during a parley between Governor Willie Obiano and service commanders with their spouses at the Governor's country-home, Aguleri. Mr. Echeng noted that the country  is faced with security challenges ranging from terrorism, banditry, trafficking in arms, cyber crimes and other illicit activities, maintaining that the state is rated the safest because of the security architecture enthroned by Governor Obiano, which he said has contributed in no small measure to discharging their jobs without fear or favor.   According to the Police Commissioner, the Federal Government is collaborating with international partners to ensure that the National Central Bureau (NCB) is adequately equipped, pointing out that the Governor has supported efforts by the Nigeria Police and sister agencies to contain the challenges of trafficking in persons, banditry and terrorist attacks among others which he said made the state the safest in the country. While rating the gallantry and professionalism of security agencies in the state High, Governor Obiano thanked them, stressing that they have demonstrated commitment in the service of their fatherland.   He added that the idea was to support the Nigeria Police and their counterpart-agencies, to help them deliver on their mandates. Governor Obiano had earlier inspected the ongoing work at the Anambra International Convention Center, Awka where he was received by the Commissioner for Housing, Architect Michael Okonkwo as well as upgrade of facilities at the Umueri International Cargo and Passenger Airport. 
Commentary: Eradicating Brown Envelope Journalism
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-02-06 07:20:42CategoriesColumnist There is no commonly agreed history as to the origin of news; news itself might have come with man, or even older than that. However, the values of news have not changed -- timeliness, objectivity, factuality and newness. Any piece of news that negates those values, offends basic journalism audience sensibilities. Journalism itself, as terrainous as it has been adjudged to be, is still a respectable profession, one that stands tall amongst world's most powerful occupations.
The age-old maxim that the pen is mightier than the sword, has a strong attachment to the revolutionary journalism; that aspect of news reporting that exposes evil deeds and sets a course of social change. However, that type of journalism demands courage, defies unethical blockage and douses every flame of sub-standardness. Sadly, those are the values that have eluded the modern day journalist, in the face of quality and stain-free reportage.
Brown envelope journalism, a newsroom coinage that describes the unethical fashion of news reporting, has maintained a huge dominance over modern media set ups. Thus, it is common for a journalist to be contracted and told to write a report in favour of a particular individual, for a negotiated sum. Such contract reports are, of course, ridden with propaganda, half-truths and calumny, and in some cases, name-praising and sycophancy.
In a deteriorated political environment like Nigeria's, a media outfit could also be paid to write against an opposition, smear a stubborn candidate or de-market a particular political group. This dirty journalism often comes with its backlash, in that the contract journalists and their outfits are mostly not taken seriously by the ever-pedantic audience.
But the successful journalist has always been the one whose works bring the corrupt elements to their feet. Most journalists have often been found wanting when it comes to delivering the best reportorial services. In fact, those who patronize these professional crimes have always dismissed the act as part of the process. That is a disastrous scenario.
The origin of brown envelope journalism could be traced to the periods when news became a stock, a service in wait for the richest bidder. The media proprietors have also been accused of engineering these unworthy principles to remain financially aboard, while the journalists caught in this messy circumstance have declared themselves as helplessly trapped in the sour cocktail of being coerced to do what their heart detests or risk losing the only job that puts food on their table. And in a country where medium scale jobs are one of the scarcest commodities, the erring journalists are left to savour these bureaucratic messes.
There have been times when journalists are employed, given identity cards bearing the organizations' names, and told to go into the field and hustle for stories and their salaries. In the same sad situation, you would come across journalists who say that "their pensions are on the streets." So it is a common scene to see reporters jostling and whirling around wealthy people or public office holders to get interviews, leaving behind the real people whom the events pertain to. The end result of such haphazard reports is that diverse opinions are barely represented, while the real stuff is traded out so cheaply.
Media owners must encourage their employees through prompt and adequate financial packages. Days when journalists are seen as stray dogs on the streets of uncertainty, scavenging for even the most unorthodox means of survival must be abolished. Journalists who have cut out real passion for the job must be supported and shown real value. Just as the advocacy for training and retraining of media workers is advisable, journalists themselves must show respect for the revered occupation and stick to its scared tenets.
The trend of buying and selling of news is as dangerous as it is tainting. What is most sickening is that young journalists have been indoctrinated into the dirty process that has been viewed as an acceptable newsroom culture. Thus, it is a common scene to see journalists squabbling and swearing at one another over post-interview money from the same public officials they ought to be checkmating, in the presence of whoever cares to watch.
All stakeholders must ensure that the procedures leading to news production are sanitized in a manner that will put the profession back to its enviable place. Thank God the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, elected new crop of leaders in the state. The union and similar professional bodies must restructure journalism for people to understand their cardinal responsibilities to the occupation and its practitioners. Journalism development in Nigeria is not a negotiable crusade, but the cleansing must come from within the heart; the love for the job.
2021/2022 ArOY Health Campaign Schools Challenge Ends In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-02-06 07:17:59CategoriesState The 2021/2022 Anambra Arm Our Youths, "ArOY Health Campaign Schools Challenge" has ended with a call on education stakeholders, the media and other relevant sectors to redouble their efforts and ensure that breast and cervical cancers preventive teachings are included in Nigeria secondary schools' curriculum before the end of 2025. The stakeholders, who spoke at the grand finale of the inaugural event, held at Nnamdi Azikiwe University Auditorium Awka, also called for the dissemination of information on cancer among the people. The event, which featured health quiz competition for public secondary schools in Aguata, Awka, Nnewi, Otuocha, Ogidi and Onitsha Educational Zones, was organized by Associate Professor Onyebuchi Ifediora in collaboration with the Anambra State Post Primary School Service Commission, PPSSC. Some of the stakeholders, including the Chief Medical Director of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Awka, Dr Josephat Akabike, chairman of PPSSC, Honourable Ifeoma Okaro, and former Director, Otuocha Educational Zone, Mrs. Imelda Emeka, explained, among other things, that robust engagements with all necessary stakeholders will help in achieving set objectives for the good of all. Specifically, Dr Akabike noted that breast and cervical cancers are preventable with early symptoms. In their separate remarks, Professor Ifediora, represented by his Media Consultant, Dr Ifunanya Ikwuka, and Dr Njideka Ezeonyejiaku, explained that ArOY, health campaign on breast and cervical cancers, flagged off years back, has continued to save lives, and expressed happiness with the level of knowledge among people, especially youngsters, on the issue. They disclosed that the foundation is engaging with the Nigerian Cancer Society, NSC, the Nigerian First Ladies Against Cancer, FLAC, and the Nigerian Educational Research and Development Council, NERDC, and the Sweet Home Africa Humanitarian Foundation, SHAHF, to further achieve set goals. Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that Miss Treasure Godwin from Community High School Nsugbe, Tochukwu Odenyi from Model Comprehensive Secondary School Nkwelle-Ezunaka, and Mmesoma Nwafor from St Jude's Secondary School Ihiala, who won first, second and third positions respectively, were rewarded with prizes. 
Raphael Ike Holds 2022 Free Medical Outreach At Nkpor, Idemili North Council Area
AuthorFAITH ONYEMUCHEDate2022-02-06 07:14:13CategoriesState A United States based Anambra born, Dr. Raphael Ike has held his Twenty Twenty-two free Medical Care Outreach to awaken health consciousness among individuals.   The outreach, which also featured youth empowerment through technology, was held at the Bible Based Miracle Assembly, Nkpor.   Correspondent Faith Onyemuche reports that the free Medical Care Outreach kicked off with health-related lecture by Dr. Raphael Ike where he identified High Blood Pressure, Cholesterol and Diabetes as three major silent killer diseases that people should pay attention to. Dr. Ike said people should learn to interact with their doctors, ask relevant questions and take medications as prescribed, frowning that most people do not know the names of medications they are taking.   Dr. Ike stated that the major challenge he faces in Nigeria as a health professional is to restructure the minds of Nigerians, who believe every problem is spiritually triggered, adding that Christianity in Nigeria has evolved in a way that it affects individual decision making.   Speaking in an interview, the senior pastor, Bible Based Miracle Assembly Nkpor, Reverend Jerry Nwachukwu commended Dr. Ike for the health knowledge he shared. Reverend Nwachukwu advised Christians that while they pray to God, the ultimate healer, they should also take responsibility.   Some of the beneficiaries, including Mr. Francis Ede and Evangelist Precious Ilom said the lecture was necessary for people to understand their health and how to care for themselves.   Checking of sugar level, blood pressure among other health challenges climaxed the event. 
MTMPN Inaugurates Committees To Oversee Activities At LG Council Areas
AuthorBlessing DennisDate2022-02-06 07:11:13CategoriesState Modern Traditional Medicine Practitioner of Nigeria, MTMPN, Anambra State Chapter has inaugurated different committees to oversee its activities at the twenty-one local government areas of the state.   Correspondent Blessing Dennis reports that the inauguration, which took place at Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area, was attended by members of the association from across Anambra State.   In his speech, the National President of the association, Chief Christian Anakwe added that the formation of a new apex body of traditional medicine practitioners became a necessity following the continuous crisis that bedeviled the former. Also Speaking, the South East Vice President , Chief Hyacinth Ezeugo expressed their readiness to work with the new local government executives, noting that the federal government has shown willingness to collaborate with traditional medicine practitioners in the country to promote the country's health sector.   Addressing the gathering, the MTMPN Taskforce chairman, Mr John Ibeka said the association has supported the development of traditional medicines, assisted regulatory agencies in different areas, as well as enhanced staff capacity on traditional, complementary and alternative medicines.   On his part, the MTMPN Chairman for Orumba North, Mr. Gerald Okpala,  explained that there is a great advantage in studying situational analysis of traditional medicine in Nigeria, even as he added that the publication of the Nigerian Traditional Medicine pharmacopoeia will help to build a better health environment in the country.   In their various remarks, the chairman, Police Campaign Against Cultism and other Vices, Prince Donatus Orjika and the Anambra State Secretary of MTMPN, Mr. Patrick Ifeonu, lauded the association for the bold step in inaugurating new functional committees and urged them to work tirelessly to achieve the set goals. 
Anambra 2022 Transition Committee Visits ANSAA, Govt Printing Press
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-02-06 07:07:53CategoriesState As part of its mandate, the Anambra 2022 Transition Committee has continued to tour government agencies with a view to having firsthand information. In view of the above, some members of the committee, who visited the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, has also toured the Anambra State Signage and Advertisement Agency, ANSAA, and Government Printing Press, both in Awka. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that after the visit, the leader of the team, Chief Osita Ozoka described the visit as very fundamental to their assignment because according to him, it will help them appreciate what the incumbent administration has put in place.   Contributing, a member of the delegation, Barrister Tony Ifeanya, while testifying that Governor Willie Obiano did very well, added that there is always room for continuous improvement. The MD/CEO of ANSAA, Chief Jude Emecheta and his Government Printing Press counterpart, Mr. Chris Obuzor while taking the delegation round their various facilities, unveiled their challenges and what they think should be done to enhance their productivity. They lauded Governor Obiano for leaving his footprint on the sands of time expressing optimism of a greater Anambra under the incoming governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo. 
More Beneficiaries Access Anambra Health Insurance Scheme
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-06 07:02:59CategoriesState The Anambra state Commissioner for Health Dr Vincent Okpala says governor Willie Obiano has repositioned the state's health sector through the introduction of a health insurance scheme.   Dr. Okpala who said that the scheme which is the brainchild of the current administration in the State has helped Ndi Anambra and other residents of the state to access healthcare services with ease at all times.   He disclosed that there are functional primary healthcare centres in every political ward in Anambra state and revealed that the introduction of the health insurance scheme has brought medical services to the door steps of Ndi Anambra, especially the vulnerable.   According to the Health Commissioner, over twenty-eight thousand poor and vulnerable Ndi Anambra are currently accessing and benefiting from the National Basic Healthcare Provision Fund, at no cost which was equally attracted by governor Willie Obiano.   He commended the Executive secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi whom he said has brought a lot of innovation into the state’s health insurance scheme, such as the adoption model and urged Ndi Anambra to key into the scheme.   Dr. Okpala maintained that governor Obiano has left an indelible mark in the State's health sector, as the oxygen gas plant at the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku, Awka built by the governor is one of the best in the South East region of the country. 
Businessman Okafor - Nwofia Asks FG To Strengthen Economy To Reduce Poverty
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-06 06:59:59CategoriesState A businessman, Chief Michael Okafor-Nwofia has called on the federal government to act fast and save Nigerians from the current economic hardship.   Chief Nwofia who spoke to newsmen in Awka, regretted that most Nigerian families cannot eat three square meals a day currently and appealed to president Muhammadu Buhari to devise an economic strategy that is workable to salvage the ugly situation.   The business man who is a native of Iyiora Anam, Anambra West Local Government Area said that the current poverty and economic hardship in Nigeria has increased the rate of insecurity across the country as well as frustrations among the citizens.   He further pointed out that if nothing urgent is done to ameliorate the economic hardship, it will polarize the fragile security situation in the country as the 2023 general election is fast approaching.   The business mogul however commended president Muhammadu Buhari led federal government for the ongoing construction of the second Niger bridge, Enugu-Onitsha express road, among others, but made it clear that a lot still needs to be done.   On the current agitation in the SouthEast region, the Anambra business executive advised the All Progressives Congress led federal government to seek amicable ways of resolving the crisis for the greater good of everyone. 
The Book 'History Of Igboland, A Reappraisal Of The Origin Of Onicha Ado N'Idu' Launched ln Onitsha
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2022-02-06 06:56:55CategoriesState A book entitled “History of Igbo Land, a Reappraisal of the Origin of Onicha Ado N'idu, written by the Chairman Anambra State Vigilante Group and retired Commissioner of Police, Chief Ikechukwu Aduba has been launched.   The seven chapters and one hundred and ninety-one-pages book was reviewed and launched at Sharon house GRA Onitsha.   Correspondent Emengini Osadebe who covered the event reports that it attracted Academia, Business Moguls, traditional rulers, government officials among others In his opening remarks, the Chairman on the occasion who is also a Former Chairman Police Service commissions, Chief Simon Okeke, commended the author for having written a book that is both scholarly and scientifically relevant with the attempt to correct a long perceived oral history of the origin of Onicha and by extension Ndigbo and has succeeded in correcting centuries of apparent falsehood of the true origin of Onicha Ado N'idu.   The book reviewer who is the Director of Quality Assurance and Professor of African “History, Imo State University, Professor John-Cliff Nwadike, described the book, History of Igboland, a Reprisal of the origin of Onicha Ado N'idu” as a superlative, well researched and documented work where the author succeeded in using pictorials and illustrations to drive home his point as well as  the controversies surrounding Igbo origin which indicates that people have been in Igboland as far back as five thousand years Before Christ, indicating that Ndigbo were the earliest inhabitants of Nigeria. In his lecture entitled "Perturbed Grand History of the Great Igbo Nation", a guest Lecturer Professor Chidi Osuagwu went down memory lane on origin of the Igbo and their culture, saying that civilization started in Igboland, making reference to various efforts of Great Men of Igbo extraction to ensure that the language and traditions did not go into Extinction.   The State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment Mr C-Don Adinuba, described the central message of the book as intellectually driven, original and courageous saying that the state government is happy to identify with this creative work as the present administration is committed to intellectual tradition making reference to other intellectual works authored by renowned Anambra State born authors. The Chief launcher of the book who is the Isama of Asaba, Chief Chuck Nduka Eze, commended the author for his good work saying that Ndigbo are known for their Enterprise and hard work adding that without Ndigbo there will be no Nigeria.   The author and Chairman Anambra State Vigilante Services, Chief Ikechukwu Aduba, described the book as historically objective and intellectually enriching which has been able to assert that Ndigbo have been in existence with Rich culture and history before the advent of the white men, and stated categorically that Onicha Ado N'idu did not migrate from Benin. 
Army Set To Expunge Operational Lapses
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-02-06 06:52:00CategoriesNigeria The Chief of Army Staff, COAS, Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya, has asked operational Commanders in Minna, to take appropriate tactical measures and bold steps to tackle the menace of banditry and kidnapping in their areas of responsibility
The COAS gave the charge when he embarked on an operational tour of 31 Brigade Area of Responsibility in Minna, Niger State in continuation of ongoing evaluation and review of troops' operations in the fight against terrorism, banditry and other sundry crimes in the country.
Addressing the operational commanders, Lieutenant General Yahaya, urged them to be thorough and circumspect in order to expunge all operational lapses in the ongoing anti banditry campaign.
He encouraged the commanders to be confident in communicating their challenges to the Army hierarchy as the Nigerian Army will continue to ensure combat hardwares and logistics are provided to reposition and enhance ongoing operations.

A statement signed by the Director of Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu, said General Yahaya assured that in consonance with his philosophy of command, the welfare of personnel will continue to top his priority list and enjoined them to work in synergy with sister services and other security agencies so as to effectively dismantle the network of banditry and kidnapping in their areas.
Disturbances: Eze Enugwu-Ukwu, Ekpeh Pronounces One Month Ban For 9 Nkwo Market Traders
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-02-05 07:32:30CategoriesState Following the disruption of market activities by some traders at Nkwo market, Enugwu-Ukwu, Njikoka local government area of Anambra state on Thursday, 3rd February, 2022, the traditional ruler of Enugwu-Ukwu, Igwe Sir Ralph Obumnaeme Ekpeh has made a royal pronouncement banning 9 traders from operating in the market for a month. The ban will take place from Monday, 7th February, 2022. This followed an unauthorised protest in the community by the traders and other paid hirelings who had threatened to burn down Umunri palace and other infrastructure in the community over demands by Nkwo Enugwu- Ukwu Market Management Commission to enforce sanitation, security, and other levies in the market. Speaking, Igwe Ekpeh said; “As the Chief Security Officer of Enugwu-Ukwu, a mandate given to traditional rulers by Anambra state government, we can no longer tolerate lawlessness at Nkwo market. There are all kinds of impunity going on at the market and as a people, we can no longer standby and watch. We must restore sanity, and enforce extant traditional and Anambra state government laws at Nkwo market”. The following are the traders banned for a month at Nkwo market: (1) Ifeanyi Uduagu (2) Justina Ibekwe (3) Ngozi Anaekwe (4) Mrs Agatha Okonkwo (5) Mrs Edith Ezeanya (6) Mrs Mbala Ugulu (7) Mrs Isintume (8) Mrs Ndibe (9) Mrs Gladys Nwana The traditional ruler also directed Enugwu-Ukwu Vigilante service to enforce the ban. 
Commentary: Need To Dismantle Safe Havens For Looted Funds In Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-05 07:29:38CategoriesColumnist The recent alarm raised by the chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, that Nigeria accounts for over 4 trillion naira that Africa loses to Illicit Financial Flows (IFFs), has underscored the urgent need to tackle the challenge. The amount represents 20 percent of the estimated 50 billion dollars that the continent loses, and about 30 percent of the current federal budget.
IFF is a form of illegal capital flight that occurs when money is improperly earned, transferred or spent. In most cases, such funds have no trace in the record books of the country of origin and the earnings are not repatriated to the country from where they were taken.
Owasanoye’s revelation is contained in the African Union (AU) Report on illicit financial flows, which estimated that Africa is currently losing nearly 50 billion dollars through profit shifting by multinational corporations, with Nigeria accounting for the lion’s share. This has also confirmed the Global Financial Integrity Group’s report that Nigeria accounted for 858 billion dollars illicit crash between 1971 and 2009. The report had listed illicit drug courier, illegal fuel exports and oil bunkering for the large number of the loss.
For decades, Nigeria has topped the list of African countries on IFFs transactions. President Muhammadu Buhari had, in September 2019, disclosed that Nigeria lost an estimated 157 billion dollars to illicit financial transactions between 2003 and 2012. Based on the current exchange rate, this will amount to over 48 trillion naira, which is more than Nigeria’s budgets from 2015 to 2020, and close to Nigeria’s debt stock put at 36 trillion naira.
This is a worrisome development that may harm the economy, hamper budget implementation and general development of the country, if it is not promptly checked. In 2015, a study by Africa Union (AU) panel, led by a former South African President, Thabo Mbeki, estimated that over 50 billion dollars illicit funds left the continent annually, thereby stunting Africa’s development.
At his address to one of the United Nations General Assemblies, President Buhari urged world leaders to strengthen mechanisms for dismantling safe havens for proceeds of looted public funds and to return the assets to their countries of origin. That call is still relevant today. The campaign to stop illicit financial transfers has not been so effective. There is need therefore, to strengthen good practices on asset recovery and return.
We urge the government, relevant agencies and financial institutions to concertedly check the rising cases of illicit financial flows. A report released by the Nigerian Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) and Trust Africa indicated that Nigeria loses about 5.5 trillion naira yearly to illicit financial flows. Over 92 percent of the crime is reportedly committed in the oil and gas sector. NETT’s revelation was corroborated by a United Nations report that between 1980 and 2009, about 1.4 trillion dollars illicit funds left Africa. This is about half of the continent’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP).
Similarly, the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) reported that the USA accounted for 29 percent of illicit financial flows from Nigeria, Spain’s 22.5 percent, France 8.7 percent, Germany 7.7 percent and Japans 8.5 percent. Altogether, the five countries contributed 76.4 percent of total illicit financial flows from Nigeria from 1970 to 2008. The report blamed the massive illegal transfers to multinational oil firms, public office holders, the elite, smugglers of commodities and others who swindle the country through trade mis-invoicing tax evasion and trade under pricing.
Therefore, we call on the anti-graft agencies and other relevant security agencies to jointly tackle the menace. This has become necessary considering the reports that terrorist groups, such as Boko Haram received over 70 million dollars between 2005 and 2011. The amount may have increased by now. Above all, let the regulatory authorities monitor the banks and other financial institutions against illicit money transfers. The National Assembly should also enact stricter laws against illicit financial flows.
WRITTEN BY PROF. ANTHONY EZE 
Students Of All Saints Seminary Ekwulobia Tour ABS Facilities During Excursion Visit
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-05 07:26:04CategoriesState The Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Awka  has hosted SS1 students of All Saints Seminary School, Ekwulobia. The students, who were on an excursion visit, excitedly toured various units and departments in the ABS. Correspondents Chukwudumaka Ekemezie and Emmanuel Okoh report that Mr. Afam Obidike of the Administration's Department guided the students on the tour. Mr. Obidike, who explained to the students the processes involved in television and radio transmissions noted that both are team work and not a task one person can carry out. Speaking in an interview, the  teacher who accompanied the students , Mrs. Constance Okoye said the school was in the ABS to expose their students to practical knowledge of broadcasting, for them to internalize the theoretical knowledge gained. Contributing, another teacher, Mr. Innocent Izuchukwu also said that the visit will make the students stand out among their peers and fit into the society. Some of the students, including Uchendu Elendu, Emmanuel Samson and Akachukwu Okonkwo lauded the managements of their school and the ABS for availing them the opportunity of visiting a media house for the first time in their lifetime. They testified that the visit in no little way, exposed them to a better understanding of what they are being taught in school, and prayed for more opportunities like this. 
Former ABS Chairman Pa Anamalaeze Jnr Goes Home, Buried At Umuoji Idemili North Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2022-02-05 07:22:18CategoriesState The remains of a one-time chairman of Anambra Broadcasting Service Awka,the late Pa John Anamalaeze Jnr, have been interred at his country home, Amoji Village, Umuoji, Idemili North Local Government Area.   The late Pa Anamalaeze Jnr, rose to the post of Director in the Ministry of Information, Awka and retired from Anambra State Civil Service in June, 2000. Correspondent Emmanuel Chigbata, reports that the late Pa Anamalaeze Jnr started his career in journalism with the defunct Nigerian Spokesman, later he became a sub-editor in the now defunct Renaissance Newspaper and was a contributor to the London based magazine, Flamingo.   A Requiem Mass in honour of the deceased, who died at the age of eighty-five, took place at the Holy Family Catholic Church Umuoji and was presided over by Reverend Father Anthony Asoanya. In a homily, a visiting priest, Reverend Father Anthony Akabogu of St. Dominic Savio Seminary Akpu, stated that the deceased, who was a committed member of the Catholic Church, lived a fulfilled life as he served God and humanity.   Father Akabogu commended the children and wife of the deceased, for taking good care of him even at old age, praying that his good work on earth would take him to the great beyond for eternal repose of his soul.   After the burial mass, family, friends and well-wishers gathered at the deceased's compound for interment . The wife and children of the deceased, Mrs. Lizzy Anamalaeze, Dr. Obiora Anamalaeze, Lady Nene Ikenna-Obi, and Melvin Anamalaeze described their late husband and father as a man, who left legacy of truth, fairness and discipline, praying God to grant him eternal rest.   The event featured condolence visits by age grades, friends and family members. 
Mrs Maureen Anigbogu Laid To Rest At Nibo Awka South Council Area
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2022-02-05 07:18:25CategoriesState It was a sober mood at All Saints Anglican Church, Nibo, Awka South Local Government Area, during the funeral service of Late Mrs. Maureen  Anigbogu, who died at the age of fifty-one.   Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi reports that the late Mrs. Anigbogu was until her death, a staff of the Federal Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment and based in Abuja, where a service of songs was held in her honor. In a sermon during her burial service, one of the officiating priests, Venerable Chidi Ukachukwu, reminded those, who gathered to pay their last respect, that life does not end on earth, as only those, who lived meritoriously according to the commandments of God will live the glorious life thereafter.   Venerable Ukachukwu consoled the family not to mourn but rather anchor their faith on God’s assurance. The husband of the deceased, Mr. Dozie Anigbogu in his remark, described his late wife as a great pillar of support and a Pious woman, who lived out Christian virtues and noted that she will be greatly missed.   Her son, Mr. Chimdindu Anigbogu explained that his late mother was a strong, generous, intelligent and bold woman, who cared about others, advising that all must be mindful of their life, as death is inevitable. Some of those, who came to condole with the family, including, Dr. Uche Onyiliofor and Mr. Ndubisi Okonkwo, spoke glowingly of the deceased and prayed for the repose of her soul.   Her remains was later interred in her husband’s compound, Umunono Village, Nibo. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah was among the dignitaries that condoled with the family. 
Anambra Central Stakeholders Woo Victor Umeh To Senate
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-02-05 07:14:01CategoriesState Anambra Central Senatorial District Stakeholders and other groups have jointly pleaded with Senator Victor Umeh to return to the tenth Senate in 2023.   The Stakeholders, who made the call, noted that his absence in the Nineth Assembly has affected not only his immediate constituency, but the entire southeast region. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that the call was jointly made by the stakeholders and other socio-political groups including, the Anambra Progressive Youth Initiative, the Igbo Political Voices, Gallant Voters, Movement for Good Governance and Conscience.   Speaking on the issue , the chief convener,Chief Ben Obi noted that his effective, bold and courageous performance at the Eight Senate necessitated the call for his return. Chief Obi noted that Nigeria at large also felt his absence as Senator Umeh raised motions and made contributions that positively affected the life of Nigerians.   The chairman on the occasion, Chief Kenneth Nwachukwu remarked that Senator Umeh showed competence at every level he served and noted that the move by the Anambra Central Senatorial District Stakeholders is in the right direction. Others, who spoke to the ABS including the Igwe-Elect of Umuoji, Chief Kanayo Okoye, Chief Boniface Egbutu, the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Political Matters, Dr Vera Okechukwu and Comrade Obi Ochije-Muodilim harped on the need for Senator Umeh to return to the senate, pledging their unalloyed support.   The state All-Progressives Grand Alliance Auditor and National President, Anambra Progressive Youth Initiative, APYI, during the event held at Awka handed over the Mace as a symbol of authority to Senator Umeh, who was represented by Chief Obi.   The APGA state chairman, Sir Norbert Obi, the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Creative Security, Air Vice Marshal Ben Chiobi, the member representing Anaocha Constituency Two at the state house of Assembly, Honourable Ejike Okechukwu among other stakeholders attended the event.   Testimonies of his outstanding performance at the red chambers and the effect of his representation by his constituents climaxed the event. 
World Cancer Day : Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala Advocates Healthy Lifestyle, Preventive Measures
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-05 07:09:54CategoriesState Anambra State  Joined the rest of the World to Mark the 2022 World Cancer Day Celebration, as early detection and treatment have been described as key to surviving the disease.   Cancer is a large group of diseases that can start in an organ or tissue of the body when abnormal cells grow uncontrollably and go beyond their usual boundaries to invade adjoining parts of the body or spread to organs. Addressing the media in Awka, the Anambra state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala noted that the day aims to prevent millions of deaths each year by raising awareness and education about cancer, as well as pressing governments and individuals across the world to take action against the disease.   Dr. Okpala explained that cancer is the second leading cause of death globally, accounting for an estimated deaths of about ten million people annually and is projected to cause the deaths of about thirteen million people in the year 2030.   The Anambra Health Commissioner urged the citizens to avoid tobacco intake, maintain healthy weight and diet, limit alcohol intake, practice safe sex and get vaccinated against hepatitis B, among others in order to stay safe from the disease, adding that early diagnosis is very key to running away from cancer. Commissioner Okpala commended governor Willie Obiano for all he has done in ensuring that the State is doing well in the awareness creation and treatment of non-communicable diseases in Anambra state.   The Anambra state Director of Public Health and Disease Control, Dr. Uchechukwu Onyejimbe pointed out that they are doing all they can to improve sensitization and awareness campaigns against non-communicable diseases, including cancer in Anambra state. The state Coordinator of the Non-Communicable Disease, Mrs. Ada Ego among others were present during the briefing.   The theme for this year's World Cancer Day is "Close the Care Gap". 
More Stakeholders Optimistic Anambra Governor - elect Soludo Will Justify Confidence Reposed In Him
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-05 07:08:59CategoriesState As the March seventeenth 2022 inauguration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the governor of Anambra state approaches, Ndi Anambra have continued to express optimism that the former Central Bank of Nigeria boss will do well in office.   Speaking to the ABS in Awka, an Engineer, Chief Chuks-Michael Mofunanya said that he is highly optimistic that the financial expert will perform exceedingly well when he assumes office next month.   Engineer Mofunanya who is a chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in Awka, maintained that looking at how the governor-elect transformed the Nigerian banking system when it seems that all hopes were lost, his exploits as a consultant to many international organizations among others, that he is hopeful that Ndi Anambra are in for fruitful days ahead under the incoming administration.   Dr. Chinedu Ekweonu of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, equally told the ABS that prof. Soludo has demonstrated the character of a man who will perform in office, looking at what he has seen so far.   On the 2023 general elections, the University don called on all political parties in Nigeria to zone their presidential ticket to the South East part of the country for equity, justice and fairness.   
ONICCIMA, New Dimensions Agricultural City Limited Organise Interactive Session On Investment In Onitsha
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2022-02-05 07:01:14CategoriesState The Onitsha Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture, ONICCIMA, in conjunction with New Dimensions Agricultural City Limited has organised an interactive session on Investment in Agriculture that will guarantee up to one hundred percent annual return on investment at the All Saints Cathedral, Onitsha.   Addressing the participants, the ONICCIMA President, Chief Kelvin Obieri said the programme is apt, especially now that importation has become difficult hence the need to look inwards. Chief Obieri who emphasized the need for people to invest in Agriculture for food sufficiency said that it is high time Ndigbo produced what they eat and sell, by using their natural endowment, promising more of such training and interactive sessions in order to bring the message of agriculture closer to the people.   The Managing Director of New Dimensions Agricultural City Limited, Mr. Festus Obidozie said the concept of the New Dimensions Agricultural City is to create an investment window and close agricultural value chain gaps across sectors of the economy through partnership with diverse stakeholders. Mr. Obidozie who said that they acquired thousands of hectares of land in Delta and Edo states for investment in perennial and annual crops, pointed out that they are looking for partners because they believe in long term business relationship, adding that experts in different agricultural fields will be on hand to ensure maximum yield and profit for investors.   A professor in agronomy, Professor Izuchukwu Ibeawuchi from the Federal University of Science and Technology Owerri, taught the people Oil Palm Production and Engineer Emeka Chinweze, a farm power and machinery specialist who spoke on Post Harvest Processes, said people are vulnerable when they do not produce what they eat. Nigerian Agricultural Insurance Corporation led by Mr. Patrick Ejike also unveiled their programmes to the people.   Some participants, Christian Onyekachukwu and Regina Chukwudozie said that the lectures gave them more insight on the benefits of agriculture.   Staff reporter, Oggorchukwu Oranu reports that Professor Bethel Uzoho,a soil scientist from FUTO, spoke on Relevance Of Soil For Improved Agriculture, Prof. Gabriel Ihejirika from Department Of Crop Science, FUTO lectured the participants on Maize and Coconut Production while Dr. Joel Omeke who is the South East Zonal Director, National Agricultural Extension and Research Liaison Service, spoke extensively on Rice And Cassava Production.   The event featured a question and answer session. 
Commentary: Close The Care Gap In Cancer And Cancerous Situations
AuthorProf. Peter KatchyDate2022-02-04 06:59:04CategoriesColumnist World Cancer Day is to raise awareness on cancer and to encourage its prevention, detection, and treatment. The primary goal of the Day is to reduce illness and death caused by cancer. It is an opportunity to rally the international community to end the injustice of preventable suffering from cancer.
World Cancer Day was established on February 4, 2000 at the World Cancer Summit held at Paris. The theme for this year is: Close The Care Gap, aimed at identifying and addressing the barriers that exist for many people around the world in accessing the care they need.
Among the diseases, cancer is a major killer and has always figured uniquely in the ailments of mankind. For centuries, people spoke of cancer in low tunes or not at all, as the disease was not only dreadful, but somehow shameful.
Today, the picture has changed. People with cancer, if properly diagnosed early and managed effectively, can live their life span.
Cancer is a term for a number of diseases caused by abnormal growth of cells that make up the body divide and produced in an orderly manner so that they can grow, replace worn-out tissue and repair injuries. Sometimes, cells grow out of control, divide more than they should and form masses known as tumours.
There are many major types of cancer, including Breast Cancer, Lung Cancer, Skin Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Ovarian and Uterine, Cancer of the Kidney, Cancer of the Pancreas, Cancer of the Liver, Cancer of the Brain, Cancer of the Laryns, Thyroid Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Cancer of the Bones, Colon-Rectum Cancer, Cancer of the Mouth and Cancer of Lymphatic System.
Signs of cancer are: persistent lump or thickening in tissue, especially to the lip, tongue, or breast; irregular bleeding or blood-tinged discharged from anybody opening, including a nipple; sore that does not heal, especially if located in the mouth or on the tongue or lips and persistent indigestion or loss of appetite, especially in people over forty years of age.
Other signs include sudden or rapid changes in the form, appearance, or rate of growth of a mole or wart; persistent change from the change normal in bowel action; persistent hoarseness, cough, soreness deep in the throat, or difficulty in swallowing.
Treatment depends on the kind of cancer, its side, location, and the involvement of adjacent or distant tissues. Cancer can be managed successfully without surgery on early detection and by prompt report from the patient.
Pain is not common in early stages: but later, when nerve tissue is invaded or pressed upon, pain is caused. If one waits for pain to develop before seeking medical attention, it is likely to be too late. Secondary infections are common in many cancers, often causing fever and other general symptoms of infection. The most characteristics of all the late signs and symptoms are increased anemia, pallor, weakness, and emaciation
If all persons would co-operate in taking advantage of available means of early diagnosis and cure, more than 40 percent of current cancer deaths could be prevented. Fear and fright are the major obstacles to the cure of cancer. Patients are labeled as having incurable disease that will lead to their deaths.
However, the earlier any cancer is diagnosed and treated, the better the chance of it being cured and the longer the person lives. Therefore, screening for cancer is very important.
Again, people who drink and smoke are at the multiple risks of certain cancers. Alcohol and tobacco work together to cause more damage. Be conscious on these and reduce the intake of Alcohol and tobacco as 70% of known causes of cancers are avoidable and related to lifestyle and bad habit. Screening, tests and vaccines can equally prevent infections.
Consequently, the World Cancer Day singular initiative is for the entire world to unite in the fight against cancer with a conscientious agreement that Cancer Is Not Beyond Us.
Obiano Seeks Public - Private Partnership To Transform Education Sector, Inaugurates Students' Hostel At Umuchu Aguata Council Area
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-02-04 06:55:04CategoriesState Anambra State Government has called for Public-Private Partnership to transform the education sector   Governor Willie Obiano made the call at the commissioning of a hostel at Government Technical College, Umuchu, Aguata Local Government Area. The project has seven hundred and fifty bed capacity, four free rooms, five dormitories with toilets and bathrooms, solar-powered electricity, borehole with ten thousand liters overhead tanks and porters room in each of the floors, among others.   Governor Obiano, who noted that some workers who constructed the building and perimeter fence were students of the school, said that the government cannot do it alone and  encouraged other people to support the school. While pointing out that technical education makes people self-reliant, Governor Obiano expressed satisfaction with the progress made by the school, and disclosed that all the buildings in the school were done by the present administration.   Also speaking, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha maintained that the governor has given teachers confidence that they can now hold their heads high among their counterparts, saying that the trainings and debates in  various countries of the world have translated into a retinue of awards by teachers and students and called on other ndi Anambra to emulate Chief Samuel Ezekwo who is furnishing the hostel and do the ones in their respective communities She explained that the entrepreneurial spirit of Anambra students have been unleashed under the present administration. While expressing gratitude that the Governor's commitment has informed a change in public perception of technical education, the principal of the school Mr. Wilfred Nkwoka commended the Governor's resolve to reposition the education sector in the state and expressed gratitude to Chief Samuel Ezekwo whose father, Catechist Gabriel Ezekwo reportedly among other Umuchu leaders founded and handed over the college to the then Anambra State government as a technical school around 1970. In his remarks the member representing Aguata Constituency One in the State House of Assembly, Mr. Carter Umeh, said that Governor Obiano has done well in human capital development     Presentation of portraits, inspection of beds and building as well as official commissioning of the project were highpoints of the ceremony. The member representing Aguata Constituency Two in the State House of Assembly, Honourable Okechukwu Okoye, stakeholders in Aguata local government area, the education Community, teachers and students, attended the event. 
Anambra Disability Rights Commission Inspects Business Facilities In Awka To Assess Compliance With PLWDs Assessibilty Aids
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2022-02-04 06:48:49CategoriesState Less than forty-eight hours after its inauguration by Governor Willie Obiano, the Anambra State Disability Rights Commission has swung into action to deliver on its mandate of ensuring a better inclusive society for People Living With Disabilities, PLWDs, in Anambra State. The commission commenced with unscheduled visits to business premises in Awka to assess their compliance with the accessibility of public buildings for PLWDs. Correspondent David Okpokwasili reports that according to Section 4 of the Anambra Disability Rights Law 2018, a public building shall be constructed with the necessary accessibility aids such as lifts where necessary, ramps, and any other facility that shall make them accessible to and usable by persons with disabilities while Section 34 and 37 of the law set up and empowers the commission to enforce the law. On arrival at Everyday Supermarkets, Awka Mall, the members and staff of the commission led by its chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie were received by the senior management staff of the mall led by Engineer Solomon Anyakwelu and the Manager of the Awka Mall, Mr. Alfred Raymond. The commission assessed the different parts of the mall beginning from the ramps, escalators, wall inscriptions and lighting system to ensure that each of them meets international standards and that people living with disability can move around the mall independently. The team after the tour commended the management of the mall for complying with the accessibility features demanded of public buildings but made recommendations on the needed readjustments that must be made so as to make the mall more inclusive. Speaking to the ABS, the chairman of the Commission, who is also the Special Adviser to the governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Ezewuzie said that enforcing that public buildings meet standard practices in accessibility for people with disability is a core mandate of the commission and stated that by the Anambra Disability Rights Law 2018, it is now a criminal offence for anybody to issue building permit without obtaining a Certificate of No Objection from the Anambra Disability Rights Commission. Earlier, a senior management staff of Everyday Supermarket, Engineer Anyakwelu explained that the establishment complied with the accessibility standards, made alternatives where difficult and promised that the recommendations for adjustments made by the team will be implemented as soon as possible. Contributing, a board member of the Anambra Disability Rights Commission and State Chairman, Joint Association of Persons Living With Disability, JONAPWD, Comrade Ugochukwu Okeke and the Media Officer of the Commission, Chidimma Ajemba commended the padding of the ramp, the lighting system, and proper wall inscriptions in mall. 
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-04 06:40:44CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C- Don Adinuba, has said that the prevailing social harmony in the state is good for investment at home, in line with the think home philosophy of the Obiano Administration. Commissioner Adinuba, who disclosed this while addressing journalists in Awka, noted that the social harmony will go a long way in accelerating the development of Anambra State when Professor Chukwuma Soludo takes over as the governor. He noted that with the state moving in a new direction in its development from next month, with Professor Soludo at the helm of affairs, technocrats in various areas of the state economy will be needed to help drive rapid progress in the state. The information commissioner recalled that Professor Soludo is an internationally recognized economist and a former Central Bank Governor, who reformed the country’s financial system. While restating the need for government and the media to be partners in the development of the state,Commissioner Adinuba commended the camaraderie which characterized the just-concluded NUJ election in the state, and advised Nigerian politicians to borrow a leaf and avoid politics of “do or die. 
ABS MD Nworah Urges Ndị Anambra To Back Soludo To Achieve Vision
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-04 06:39:08CategoriesState Ndị Anambra have been urged to give the Governor-Elect Professor Chukwuma Soludo all the necessary support as was given to governor Willie Obiano to achieve his vision.   The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ABS, Dr Uche Nworah made the call during a courtesy visit by Members of the Njikoka Grassroots Ambassadors' Forum in his office in Awka.   Dr Nworah restated the determination of the ABS in serving all segments of Anambra State and sustain dissemination of timely information on government policies, programmes and activities.   He noted that giving the incoming administration support would encourage it to meet expectations of the people.     Earlier, the National Coordinator of the Forum, Mr. Chidiebele Dilinyelu, said the aim of their visit was to appreciate Dr Nworah, for his services and for touching the life of the people as well as to adopt him as one of the Grassroots Ambassadors in Njikoka.   Highlights was adoption of Dr Nworah as an Ambassador in Njikoka.   Meanwhile, the Principal Secretary to the Anambra state Governor, Sir Willie Nwokoye has visited the ABS Film Village.   Sir Willie who was conducted round the village by the ABS Managing Director Dr Nwora in the course of the tour saw a clay pot and used the opportunity to explain the many benefits of clay pots in Igbo traditional society and urged ndị Igbo to uphold their heritage to reap its inherent gains. 
Federal Lawmaker Obidigwe Sponsors 40 Farmers To Egypt For Agricultural Training
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-04 06:36:38CategoriesState The member representing Anambra East and West federal constituency, Chief Chinedu Obidigwe says he will continue to give his constituents quality representation, as he takes forty people to Egypt, for agricultural training and workshop.   Speaking to the ABS at the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, before their departure, Hon. Obidigwe said that his main objective is to ensure that his constituents who are majorly farmers learn all the modern ways of farming. The Lawmaker noted that those who travelled with him will learn small scale mechanized agriculture, wet and dry season farming, methods of preservation of agricultural produce to avoid wastes among others.   Hon. Obidigwe who is the deputy chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Environment and Ad-hoc chairman, House Committee on Health, maintained that after the international workshop, he will empower all the participants chosen from the two local government areas that made up the federal constituency with cash, not less than a million naira each, for them to become self-reliant. He commended governor Willie Obiano for building the international Cargo and Passenger Airport, as according to him, Ndi Anambra have been yearning for an airport since the creation of the new Anambra state in 1991.   Eulogizing Chief Obidigwe for his effective representation, the president, Aguleri National Youth Association, Chief Nnamdi Ikeli-Adimorah, made it clear that the lawmaker has demonstrated that he has the interest of his people at heart, as the agro-worksop will broaden the knowledge of the participants in all agro-business. The workshop is to last for one week. 
Court Convicts Two Murder Suspects In Onitsha
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2022-02-04 06:32:36CategoriesState An Onitsha High Court Three, presided over by Justice David Onyefulu has convicted two murder suspects, Emeka Okolonji and Valentine Umezinwa for the murder of one Blessing Eze also known as Golden in Onitsha.   The suspects were convicted on a two-count charge of conspiracy and murder.   In his thirty minutes ruling, Justice Onyefulu disclosed that the new State's sentencing guidelines stipulates that defendant’s should have a witness testifying that a suspect has changed which according to him, will serve as a mitigating factor that will influence the Court for lesser punishment.   The Judge noted that the Court is not particularly interested at the punishment but the reformation of the suspects.   The counsel to both defendants, Barrister Chimezie Okeke who spoke off camera described the new State's sentencing guidelines as a welcome development in the State's legal system, as it will help in the reformation of suspects.   It would be recalled that the murder incident took place at Dennis Memorial Grammar School roundabout Onitsha in 2019.   Correspondent Emengini Osadebe reports that the case was adjourned to nineth February 2022 for sentencing. 
Anambra Thanks Buhari for Chuba-Okadigbo’s Appointment, Congratulates Onyeka Onwenu and New NUJ Chairman
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2022-02-03 06:12:56CategoriesState The Anambra State Government yesterday lauded President Muhammadu Buhari for the appointment of Senator Marjorie Chuba-Okadigbo as the chairman of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) Limited and congratulated leading veteran singer Onyeka Onyenu on the attainment of 70 years of age, as well as the new chairman of the Anambra State chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), Dr Emeka Odogwu, on his election.       A statement in Awka today by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, stated that President Buhari “deserves kudos for choosing Senator Chuba-Okadigbo as the person to set the agenda for the transformation of Nigeria’s most critical enterprise to a purely commercially driven organization.       “Mrs Chuba-Okadigbo, who has been standing at the Nigerian Bar for decades, is prepared by education and experience for her new role.       “She is a solid professional, urbane, well-travelled and represented Anambra North effectively in the Senate”.       Adinuba also explained that “Senator Chuba-Okadigbo’s appointment is the icing on the cake of Anambra’s new status as an oil-producing state, a status made possible by President buhari’s approval last September of an objective recommendation from the Revenue Mobilization Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC) which recognized 11 oil wells in the state while suggesting that proceeds from three others be shared equally with neighbouring Kogi State until the delineation of their boundary.       The Anambra State Government asked President Buhari to appoint more Anambra indigenes to more positions because “they have a well-established record of delivering far beyond expectations”.       The Information Commissioner commended Ms Onwenu for “faithfully exhibiting the prominent Anambra blood in her in all her endeavours and thus enabled her to achieve tremendous success in music, broadcasting, journalism, acting, business management and public service.       “Though her father hailed from Arondizuogu, a town in Imo State which shares boundary with Anambra State, her mother came from Obosi in Anambra State.       “Her father, a prosperous lawyer based in Port Harcourt in today’s Rivers State, died early.       “Consequently, the burden of raising the young Onyeka and her siblings fell on her mother who ensured they received the best education in Nigeria, the United Kingdom and United States and became successful in different fields, including diplomatic service and regional banking’.       The state government also lauded the new NUJ leadership in the state for being a breath of fresh air.       “This is the first time a doctoral degree holder”, noted Adinuba, “has been elected to run the NUJ in the state since its creation in August, 1991.       “Dr Odogwu is a scholar who lectures in mass communication in the university and serves as a news correspondent, in addition.       “With Anambra State moving in a new direction in its development from next month when Professor Chukwuma Soludo, an internationally recognized economist and a former Central Bank governor who reformed the country’s financial system, will assume office as the state chief executive, the new administration needs technocrats like Dr Odogwu in various areas of the state who will help him drive the rapid progress of the state.”       The state government noted that the era of adversarial journalism “is over, just as the days of ‘publish and be damned’.       “Both the government and the media need to be on the same page of development in the overriding interest of society”.       The commissioner commended the camaraderie which marked the electioneering campaign of the NUJ election and the outcome.       “Both those who won the highly competitive election and those who didn’t hugged one another once the results were announced, promising to work together as brothers and sisters”, said the government.       Adinuba advised Nigerian politicians to borrow a leaf from journalists in Anambra State in electioneering campaigns and avoid politics of “do or die”.       “The prevailing social harmony in the state is good for investment in our place” observed, “and will go a long way to accelerate the state’s development rate when Professor Soludo takes over as the governor”.       Signed       C. Don Adinuba   Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Senator Annie Okonkwo Commends Governor Obiano Over Anambra Airport
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-03 06:08:32CategoriesState By Royce Okolie The former Senator representing Anambra Central in the Senate, Senator Annie Okonkwo has commended the Anambra State Government led by Chief Willie Obiano over the Construction of the new Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport. The senator who flew into the state on Tuesday, 1st February, 2022, with a private jet from Lagos, disclosed that the Airport Project was timely and would impact positively on the economic development of the state. According to Senator Okonkwo, Anambra citizens are the most travelled in the south east region. With the construction of the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, the issue of unemployment, youth restiveness, and stress suffered by Ndi Anambra to go through the Asaba, Owerri and Enugu airports will soon be a thing of the past. “Investment in air transport infrastructure has proven not to be a bad idea because it serves as a major source for crucial development drivers bringing both economic and social benefits to the state and the region at large”, Senator Okonkwo said. “The Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport is already creating jobs since it was constructed. I am personally delighted and commend the Anambra State Government led by Willie Obiano over this gigantic project”, he concluded. 
Transition Committee Set Up By Anambra Governor - elect Soludo Visits ABS
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-02-03 06:04:59CategoriesState The Transition Committee set up by the in-coming Governor of Anambra State, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, has visited the corporate headquarters of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, in Awka. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that as part of their efforts to ensure a smooth transition on the seventeenth of next Month and to encourage the incoming administration commence effectively, a delegation of the transition committee headed by the chairman sub-committee on handover, Chief Odera Ozoka has visited and toured the ABS facility in order to make recommendations with regards to sustainability and continuous improvement. Speaking shortly after touring the facility, the team leader, Chief  Ozoka commended the level of transformation the Obiano administration brought to ABS, including moving from analog to digital made possible by the digital studio built by the government of the day. He said the tour will help the committee make a comprehensive report on the way forward having witnessed the achievements and the challenges. Chief Ozoka commended the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr Uche Nworah for the good leadership qualities which according to him enthroned the transformation. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the ABS, Dr  Nworah, expressed optimism that the incoming administration will sustain the momentum and take ABS to a more  heights. Dr Nworah  commended the transition committee for the good job they are doing for the state adding that Anambra will continue to thrive following the transition that is going to be very foundational, transformational, purpose driven and seamless. Staff members of the ABS at each department, explained their responsibility and that of the office to the transition committee delegates while the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Dr Nworah further narrated the achievements recorded under the current administration in the state and the challenges currently facing the organization. 
Promotion: Obiano Decorates ASP Okolo  With New Rank
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-02-03 05:57:53CategoriesState Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has congratulated ASP Henry Okolo who was recently confirmed as two-star Assistant Superintendent of Police.   Assisted by Secretary to the State Government Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, ASP Okolo was decorated at the Exco Chambers, Government House, Awka. ASP Okolo who hails from Awka, was born in  1992 into the Family of Late Mr Sunday Okolo of Okeke-Igbo sub-family in Umuegbe Kindred of Umuokpu village, Awka.   He obtained his BSc in Psychology from POLAC, Wudil, Kano State.   He's currently the Guard Commander Governor's Lodge Amawbia. Speaking shortly after the decoration exercise, Governor Obiano charged him to sustain increased dedication to duty. 
Anambra State Assembly To Look Into Conversion  Of PTA Teachers
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2022-02-03 05:54:27CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has directed the Ministry of Basic Education to suspend conversion of teachers engaged by Parents Teachers Association pending the conclusion of investigation on alleged noncompliance to due process by the House.   To this extent, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha will be at the State House of Assembly on Thursday this week to put the honorable members through the processes so far.   House of Assembly correspondent Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the resolutions were sequel to a motion of urgent public importance sponsored to that effect by the Chairman, House Committee on Basic Education, Sir Ejike Okechukwu during plenary.   The lawmaker informed the House that he received complaints from many of the PTA-teachers being converted to permanent staff that the exercise does not follow due process.   Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor assured that the House will work hard to address the issue and read out the resolution to the House, while the lawmakers supported it through a voice vote.   Also at plenary, the House sympathized with the victims of fire incidents that occurred at Shoe Site market, Obodoukwu, Okpunoegbu market, Nnewi, Asiegbu market, Oko.   It also consoled the people of Ekwusigo Constituency on the fire outbreaks that burnt parts of their Local government Secretariat.   In his speech, Right Honourable Okafor noted that Governor Willie Obiano has done well to stop fire incident in Anambra State by recruiting more persons into the state fire service and procurement of more fire equipment’s and as well establish more fire service stations at major markets in the state, even as he advised the people to desist from acts capable of causing fire outbreak in the state. 
AIRS CEO Nzekwe Optimistic Anambra Governor - elect Soludo Will Entrench Efficient Management Of Resources 
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-03 05:52:24CategoriesState The Chief Executive, Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, AIRS, Dr David Nzekwu says Ndi Anambra will witness unprecedented multi-sectoral development, prudent management of resources and proper allocation of resources to priority areas, and a boost in employment under the incoming Soludo administration come March this year.   Speaking to newsmen in his office in Awka, Dr Nzekwu remarked that Professor Soludo’s leadership will efficiently utilize the three factors of production, land, labour and capital, boost Small and Medium Enterprises, SMEs, and power generation to create employment to the teeming youths and enhance the ease of doing business.   The state Internal Revenue Service boss said Professor Soludo has the experience, the capacity and possesses the right focus to administer the affairs of the state well, adding that with his local and international connections, his leadership will positively turn the economic fortunes of the state, while describing education as the bedrock on which the socio-political and economic development of the nation stands.   Dr Nzekwu expressed optimism that the Soludo administration will positively reposition the quality standard of education already laid by the Obiano administration.   He posited that the security and welfare of the people are the major cardinal objectives of any responsible government and gave the assurance that the incoming state Chief executive will leave no stone unturned in achieving the goals.   According to Dr Nzekwu, the incoming administration will bring in, through its robust programme, economic diversification, engage the youth as agents of national development and bring innovation in the Agric sector.   Describing commitment, dedication and passion as vital for efficiency in governance, Dr Nzekwu pointed out that both Governor Obiano and Professor Soludo possess these attributes and avowed that Ndi Anambra will witness yet another excellence in governance under the incoming leadership. 
Anambra State Govt Calls For Improved Sensitization On NTDs
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-03 05:49:41CategoriesState Anambra state has joined the rest of the world to mark world Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTD).   Addressing the media during a press briefing to mark the event in Awka, the Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala said that NTD's are preventable communicable diseases prevalent in areas with poor sanitation, inadequate safe water supply and substandard housing conditions and that Nigeria has the biggest burden of the disease in Africa.   Dr. Okpala who thanked Governor Willie Obiano for all his support in tackling the disease in the State, thanked Transition Committee Chairmen, traditional rulers, Presidents' General for their support in the sensitization as well as participation in all the NTD programmes. The Anambra state coordinator of Non-Tropical Diseases, Mr. Emmanuel Obikwelu equally thanked the state government and development partners in the fight against the disease and promised that they will continue to do all they could to eradicate the disease.   One of the representatives of the development partners, Mrs Egeonu Attamah, described their collaboration with the state government as fruitful and noted that the state is doing well in the areas of sensitization and eradication of the Non-Tropical Diseases. 
New Exco Of Anambra NUJ Visits State Commissioner For Information And Public Enlightenment, Adinuba In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-02-03 05:46:39CategoriesState The newly elected Executive officers of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Anambra State Council, led by its Chairman, Dr Emeka Odogwu, has paid a courtesy visit to the Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C-Don Adinuba at the Jerome Udorji Secretariat complex, in Awka. Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that while addressing the delegation, Mr Adinuba thanked God and NUJ members for a free and fair election that produced the new set of Executive, describing it as a great lesson for Nigerians and Nigerian politicians in the quest for free and fair elections in the country. Mr Adinuba, who praised the cooperation among NUJ members; even after the election, as well as the assurance to work as partners for the development of Anambra State, noted that Anambra State Government has never protested against any Journalist over any news report, describing it as testament of Governor Willie Obiano's kind disposition to journalists in the State, even as he stated that Anambra is growing in new phase, unlike other States, and requested support of Journalists in achieving set goals, including the vision 2070 by the Obiano administration. Earlier in his remark, the new Anambra NUJ Chairman, Dr Odogwu, who reassured of his team's commitment to lead NUJ in the State to new heights, thanked the Commissioner for supporting free and fair NUJ election, even as he called for more partnership and continued support of the Commissioner to the union, even beyond his stay in government. Contributing, the Chairman of State Information Chapel of the NUJ, Dr Stanley Onunkwor, who recalled how Dr Odogwu facilitated the Anambra NUJ Secretariat built by Mr. Godwin Ezemo, expressed the hope that the new leadership will reinvigorate NUJ in the State for the good of all. 
ABS MD/CEO Nworah Receives New Anambra State NUJ Vice Chairman Mrs Obileri, Extols Obiano On Achievements
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2022-02-03 05:43:58CategoriesState The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah says quality leadership and good governance of the Obiano administration in Anambra State in the past eight years has attained a major milestone. Dr. Nworah equally appreciated Governor Willie Obiano for his continuous support in the upgrade of the Anambra Broadcasting Service to a world standard media outfit. He made the commendation when the Nigeria Union of Journalists, ABS Chapel presented, Mrs. Ngozi Obileri a member of the chapel who emerged the Vice Chairman in the just concluded 2022 Anambra NUJ election to him. Correspondent Chidimma Ikeanyiowu reports that while receiving Mrs. Obileri in his office, Dr. Nworah stated that the victory is indeed a great fit, describing Mrs Obileri as wonderful and hardworking staff while calling for continuous robust relationship between the Management and the Union which they have been enjoying in recent years. Dr. Nworah lauded Governor Obiano for prompt payment of workers salary, promotion of ABS staff who were not promoted for over ten years before his administration, increasing the subvention that comes to ABS, payment of pension to staff and payment of gratuity worth three hundred million naira to ABS retired staff owed about twenty-five years ago. Dr. Nworah called on the staff to keep making the establishment proud and working harmoniously as ABS has become a global media brand. Earlier, while presenting Mrs. Obileri, the Caretaker Committee Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists ABS Chapel, Reverend Ejike Abana, thanked Dr. Nworah for his fatherly support and laudable indelible achievements which has promoted ABS globally. In their remarks, the Secretary of the Nigeria Union of Journalists ABS Chapel, Mr. Chukwuemeka Modilim and David Okpokwasili commended Dr Nworah for his robust transformation in the Anambra Broadcasting Service. 
Birthday: Basic Education Ministry Celebrates Commissioner Omenugha
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2022-02-03 05:40:45CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha says she is finishing her tenure on a strong note.   She sated this when the Basic Education family gathered at the Ministry of Basic Education conference hall at the Jerome Udoji Secretariat complex, in Awka to felicitate with her on her birthday. Professor Omenugha, who was overwhelmed by the education family’s show of love, said that working with the staff and stakeholders in the Ministry of Education was a delight and appealed to them to continue in that spirit.   Earlier, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Basic Education, Dr Nwando Obiano wished Professor Omenugha well and greater exploits in her journey of life. Also, Mrs Stella Ukatu, the Chief Registrar, Education Development Center Awka, while wishing the commissioner a happy birthday said that the commissioner has been a formidable force whose presence brought series of changes in the Ministry. 
83 Newly Promoted Police Officers Decorated By Anambra CP Echeng
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2022-02-02 06:49:23CategoriesState Eighty-three newly-promoted police officers from the Anambra State Command of the Nigeria Police have been decorated by the Anambra State Commissioner of Police, Mr. Echeng Echeng. The decoration which took place at the Command headquarters in Awka, followed the recent approval for the promotion of the officers, by the Police Service Commission. Emmanuel Chigbata reports that among the newly-promoted police officers were one Superintendent of Police who was promoted to the rank of Chief Superintendent of Police, Fifteen Deputy Superintendents of Police elevated to the rank of Superintendent of Police and Sixty-Seven Assistant Superintendents of Police Two, promoted to Assistant Superintendent of Police one. Speaking during the event, Mr. Echeng congratulated the beneficiaries on behalf of the Inspector-general of Police Mr Alkali Baba Usman. Mr Echeng urged the newly promoted officers to redouble their efforts towards fighting crime and exhibiting high professionalism and civility to members of the public and respect for human rights to ensure that life and property of Ndi Anambra are protected. He added that the promotion is in line with the Inspector-General of Police resolve towards boosting the morale of Police officers for effective service delivery, stating that the promotion comes with greater responsibility, dedication and discipline. Some of the newly promoted Police officers, including Superintendent of Police Stephen Ewa, Superintendent of Police Joy Yusuf, Assistant Superintendent of Police One Mike Ugwu, appreciated the Inspector-General of Police and the Police Service Commission for finding them worthy of the promotion and promised to redouble their efforts in discharging their duties professionally. 
ABS MD/CEO, Nworah, ACTDA Boss Okwuosa  Optimistic On Prospects Of Anambra One City Mega State Vision Of Governor - elect Soludo
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-02-02 06:45:05CategoriesState The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr Uche Nworah and his Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, counterpart, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa say the in-coming Governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo's 'One City Mega State’ master plan will spread even development and make Anambra State more fertile for direct investments.   They stated this while analyzing the expectations of Ndi Anambra from the in-coming Governor.   Correspondent Dan Ezeigwe reports that according to Dr Nworah, Professor Soludo's manifesto provides a clear outline of his vision and work direction, explaining that the erstwhile Governor of the Central Bank has demonstrated the needed will to build a more livable Anambra State that accommodates everyone. He said that the 'One City Mega State' master plan, when implemented, will fasten simultaneous development of both metropolitan areas and their suburbs, thereby triggering economic growth across the state through direct and indirect investment.   Dr Nworah noted that though the expectations are high, he believes that Professor Soludo will live up to his pledge.   He praised the composition of the in-coming Governor’s transition committee, noting that their ethno-political experience and identities represent an Igbo voice.   On his part, Venerable Okwuosa said that Professor Soludo has already made clear his goal for one inclusive Anambra State; a unique cosmopolitan state with equal developmental standards across all towns, especially the hard-to-reach areas.   Venerable Okwuosa said that the incoming-Governor’s pacesetting work pattern means that anyone who will work with him must bring their best, adding that he is optimistic that the successes of the present administration will be sustained. 
Igwe Ezue Of Awah, Others Seek  More Interventions On Welfare Of Street Children
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2022-02-02 06:41:53CategoriesState The traditional Ruler of Awa in Orumba North Local Government Area Igwe Israel Ezue has called on Government at different levels to map out measures that will take the children especially the vulnerable off the street. Speaking on the international day of vulnerable and indigent people which was celebrated recently, Igwe Ezue called for proper attention to be given to the children especially the indigent and vulnerable in order to secure a bright future for them. Describing Children as future leaders Igwe Ezue while calling on parents to monitor closely the kind of company their children keep, equally urged them to always invest in the education of their children. He Commended Governor Willie Obiano for all his legacies in the education sector in Anambra State which has made Students and pupils of Anambra State extraction to continue to excel in both local and international competitions and expressed optimism that the in-coming Governor Professor Chukwuma Soludo will consolidate on all the legacies of the Obiano administration for enhanced development of the State. Igwe Ezue used the opportunity to call on Ndi Anambra to continue with their support to the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA for more dividends of democracy, adding that the community choose your project initiative introduced by the party through Governor Willie Obiano has brought rapid development to the hinterlands. Also Speaking on the international day of the Remembrance of children in the street and vulnerable, the President of the Women's Ministry in the Ecclesiastical province of the Niger and Awka Diocese, Mrs Chioma Ibezim, who regretted the sufferings of such people called on the Government to introduce more measures that will improve the living standards of the people. Mrs Ibezim who expressed worry over the hardship Nigerians are passing through, called for prayers for solution to series of challenges confronting the Nigerian Nation. She called on the Government to provide security for the people which, according to her is the cardinal function of the Government. 
Obiano Inaugurates Board Of Anambra Disability Rights Commission 
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-02-02 06:38:18CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has inaugurated a ten-member board of Anambra State Disability Rights Commission. He performed the function at the Executive Chambers, Government House, Awka. Government House Correspondent Ejike Abana, reports that Mr Chuks Ezewuzie a lawyer, will serve as its chairman while Chinenye Okeke is the Board Secretary. Eight other members of the board include, Comrade Ugochukwu Okeke, Mrs Anthonia Obianyo, Mrs. Victoria Okonkwo, Mr. Tony Oli, Bishop Moses Ezedebego, Dr. Pat Okeke, Mrs. Eucharia Anekwe and Mr. William Umeh. Inaugurating the board, Governor Obiano congratulated members on their appointment which he said, is a demonstration of his confidence in their integrity, intellectual abilities and competence to contribute to the mandate of the establishment. He called on them to generate effective policies that will boost the government's commitment to effective protection of the rights of members of the Disability Community. The Governor said that they are however, required to put in their best in giving policy direction to the management of the Commission. The Secretary to the Anambra State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu who recalled that the Disability Rights Commission was established by law and passed in 2018, stated that since the governor took over the reigns of power, he has recorded strides at the Nteje mental institution, rehabilitation of the center at Isulo, employment of over four hundred qualified persons in the state civil service, appointment of three persons as permanent secretaries from the disability community, among others. Professor Chukwulobelu emphasized that the Governor is committed to the welfare of Ndi Anambra through protection, inclusion and empowerment, pointing out that the inauguration will ensure that the strides are maintained and surpassed. In a vote of thanks, the chairman of the board, Mr Ezewuzie who is also the Special Adviser to the Governor on Disability Matters, expressed delight that they were found worthy of the appointment, pledging to fulfill mandate given to them. While stating that the inauguration is a consolidation of their eight years of commitment to the disability community, he expressed optimism that people from other states will soon start coming to emulate the Anambra formular for people living with disability. In attendance were members of the state executive council and a good number of members of the Disability Community. A minute silence was observed for the visually impaired Mmaduabuchi Nnofu who was murdered by his brother Onyedika at Ekwulobia. The maiden board has a term of four-years. 
WAEC Releases Withheld WASSCE Results
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-02 06:33:55CategoriesNigeria The West African Examinations Council has announced the immediate release of withheld results of West African Senior School Certificate Examination 2020 and 2021 candidates. In a communique at the end of the seventy-second meeting of the Nigeria Examinations Committee, WAEC said only results of candidates exonerated of exam malpractices are released. The examination body also authorised the cancellation of results of candidates proven to have been involved in malpractice cases. 
Business Training For Anambra Youths On Table Fish Production Ends In Awka
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-02-02 06:32:05CategoriesState Anambra State government has  concluded two day intensive training of some selected Anambra youths from across the 21 local government areas of the state. The two day intensive business training on Table fish production was to empower the youths of Anambra State to become stakeholders in the aquaculture sector of the state geared towards creating more youth millionaires, boost the economic growth and development of the state and create more employment opportunities amidst limited job opportunities. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that the training was organized by the Anambra State Fisheries and Aquaculture Business Development Agency, FABDA in collaboration with the Table Fish Producers Association of Anambra State and State Fisheries and Aquaculture Value Chain Innovation Platform, AVCI. The event featured both theory and practical sessions aimed at getting  the participants well equipped  towards minimizing risk and loss. Speaking at the closing ceremony of the event held at FABDA boardroom and compound, the MD/ CEO of FABDA Mr Emeka Iloghalu noted that the training was part of the efforts to prepare Anambra youth for the fish villages located  in the three Senatorial Districts of the state. He stated that Agency was established by the Obiano led administration as part efforts  towards  engaging the youths and women of Anambra productively which on the long run will improve the standard of living of fish farmers, boost productivity and help in the fight against good insecurity. He revealed the plans of continuing the training by batches until Anambra becomes self sufficient in fish production and strengthen export capacity.  A special guest at the training, Mr Steve Okeleji the founder of Aquatic Hub Afrique Network encouraged that participants to maximize the opportunity to become great in life. He Commended Governor Obiano for setting the pace and lauded the never give up spirit of the Igbo man especially Ndi Anambra and expressed belief that the participants will make it big in the industry. The Chairman Cat Fish and Allied Fish Farmers Association of Nigeria, Anambra State Chapter, King-Boy Iheanyichukwu also addressed the participants on the benefits accrued to fish production. A participant, Mr Christian Madichie thanked the organizers and assured to utilize what he has learnt and also transfer to others. In attendance were the representative of Central Bank of Nigeria, Mr Oyelade Babatope Olubunmi of the Development of Finance Office and the Head Project Monitoring, Reporting and Remediation Office of NIRSAL Anambra State while the resource persons include, the FABDA consultant, Engineer Ilechukwu Okafor and Mr Cosmas Ezenwanne. 
Chairman Omambala Union Asks People Of Area To Promote Peaceful Coexistence 
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-02 06:25:34CategoriesState The Chairman, Omambala Union, Chief Chris Okonkwo has called on the people of the area to always eschew crisis, love one another for the continuous development of the zone.   Chief Okonkwo who made this known while speaking to news men in Awka, said that peace, unity, tolerance and forgiveness are the only ingredients that will enable a society to grow, and called on the people not to engage in anything that will jeopardize the existing peace in the area.   The All-Progressives Grand Alliance chieftain who doubled as the coordinator, Soludo Support Group, Anambra North zone, urged the youths of Omambala Union to key into the youth friendly policies of the current administration in the State, as well as other good ventures and do away with all social vices that may mar their future.   The Omambala Union leader described Governor Willie Obiano, as a man who has raised the bar of development in Anambra state and expressed optimism that the incoming administration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo will turn around the economic fortunes of Anambra state.   On the current agitation in the South East region, Chief Okonkwo called on president Muhammadu Buhari, to liaise with both the Igbo intelligentsia and elder statesmen to find a pragmatic amicable solution to solve the crisis, as according to him, the use of force cannot solve the lingering problem.   Chief Okonkwo advised politicians in Anambra state, South East and Nigeria at large not to overheat the polity during next year’s general elections but to play by the rules in order not to cause chaos in the country. 
Office Of Anambra State Governor On Disability  Matters Felicitates With New Exco Of Anambra NUJ
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-02-02 06:23:54CategoriesState The Office of the Governor on Disability Matters has felicitated with the new leadership of Nigerian Union of Journalists, Anambra State Chapter, led by Dr. Emeka Odogwu.   In a release signed by the Special Adviser to the governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie, he equally commended the Vice Chairman of the Union, Mrs Ngozi Obileri of the ABS, Mr Okechukwu Onuegbu of Blue Print, who is the Assistant Secretary, Mr Ogemdi Ozoemenam of Odenigbo FM, Treasurer Mr John Ndu of Anambra State Ministry of Information, Financial Secretary and Mrs Nnenne Iloanya, Auditor, on their victory at the just concluded NUJ Anambra election .   Barrister Ezewuzie who is also the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra State Disability Rights Commission, noted that the new leadership of the NUJ have all contributed immensely to the Inclusion fight for persons with disabilities in Anambra State through their consistent reportage on Disability Issues during the struggle to get the Anambra State Disability Rights Law ASDRL 2018 and the newly established Disability Rights Commission.   He maintained that their victory is divine and assurance to the Disability Community in Anambra State that their voice will always be heard, even as they believe that through their various individual strengths and combined efforts, they will make the Nigerian Union of Journalists Anambra State Chapter, the envy of other states.   
US Expands Visa Services In Nigeria
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-02-02 06:21:17CategoriesNigeria The U.S. Mission says it is expanding its visa services to assist nonimmigrant visa applicants in Nigeria who qualify to renew their visa.
The new application procedure which started this February at the U.S. Consulate in Lagos, will be extended shortly thereafter to the U.S. Embassy in Abuja.
It however said the number of qualified applicants who can apply using the new procedures will be limited initially explaining that the no-Interview Visa Renewal means one may be eligible for a visa renewal without an interview if the application is for a B1/B2, F, M, J (academic only), H, L or C1/D (combined only) visa, and must meet each of the criteria which include previous visa was issued in Nigeria; previous visa is in the same classification as the current application; previous visa was a full validity, multiple entry visa; or that previous visa expired within the last 24 months or will expire in the next 3 months from the date of application;
Other criteria also include that one must have all passports covering the entire period since receiving the previous visa and the passport with the most recent visa; the person has never been arrested or convicted of any crime or offense in the United States, even if he later received a waiver or pardon; and have never worked without authorization or remained in the United States beyond permitted time.
A statement signed by the Information Specialist in the Public Affairs Section (PAS) U.S. Consulate General, Temitayo Famutimi, encouraged applicants to visit their website at https://ng.usembassy.gov/visas/nonimmigrant-visas/ for further information and if qualified based on the criteria, should visit https://www.ustraveldocs.com/ng to start the application.
The statement noted that processing times for the program are expected to be up to two months and the applicant will not be able to retrieve their  passport during that time.
It stated that each applicant must individually meet the criteria; adding that minors can apply without an interview only if they meet the eligibility criteria on their own.
The statement also indicated that there will be opportunity for emergency appointments especially if the applicant is in a life-or-death situation, so may request an expedited, in-person interview, but to accommodate No-Interview Visa Renewals, such appointments will be very limited. For emergency or there is a need to travel immediately, visit and follow the guidance provided at https://www.ustraveldocs.com/ng or call +234-1-227-8955 to request an emergency appointment.
It however stated that business travel, conferences, weddings, and graduations are not considered emergencies and cautioned applicants to be wary as third parties unaffiliated with U.S. Embassy Abuja and Consulate General Lagos may seek to take advantage of the various visa services to target visa applicants with fraudulent offers or claims.
The statement further encouraged applicants to fill out their own forms and make their appointments by themselves via the official websites promising to notify them about future opportunities for Interview Waiver appointments whenever they become available.
FCT Council Election: INEC Begins Risk Assessment
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-02-02 06:15:48CategoriesNigeria The Chairman,  Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC,  Professor Mahmood Yakubu, says the commission has begun evaluating the risk to the Federal Capital Territory,  FCT, Council election using the Election Violence Mitigation and Advocacy Tool, EVMAT, to identify early warning signals that could assist security agencies and other stakeholders in devising and deploying appropriate mitigation strategies.
Professor Yakubu, who stated this in his opening remarks at the Inter-Agency consultative Committee on Security meeting at INEC headquarters in Abuja, said the Commission focused on threats specific to geographical locations, proliferation of small arms and light weapons, the issue of hard drugs, presence of insurgents and armed groups, intra and inter-party conflicts, and incidents of hate speech.

He said the Commission will intensify its engagement with stakeholders, including party leaders and candidates, traditional and religious leaders, transport providers, civil society organisations and the media and  work with them to ensure that the forthcoming election is peaceful and the processes credible.
The INEC Chairman said the meeting is crucial because securing the environment is the foundation for a peaceful, well-organised and credible election as demonstrated in the peaceful conduct of the Anambra State Governorship election.
According to him, in addition to the FCT Area Council election, the Commission is also preparing for six bye-elections on 26th February 2022 to be followed by the Ekiti and Osun Governorship elections on 18th June and 16th July 2022 respectively saying that for the Ekiti State Governorship election, the period earmarked in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for party primaries ended on 29th January 2022.
The INEC Chairman warned political parties to adhere strictly to the Commission’s timelines for all activities, including the conduct of primaries and nomination of candidates as the timelines are firm and fixed so, no deviation or violation will be allowed.
On his part, the National Security Adviser, represented by Mr. S.G Tobin, urged players in the election to upscale their level of professionalism so as to ensure a credible outcome as recorded in the Anambra Governorship election, adding that FCT elections have never been known to be volatile and this cannot be an exception.
Stakeholders Hold Workshop On FOI Act  In Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-02-02 06:12:55CategoriesNigeria Stakeholders are brainstorming on how to build  a collaborative mechanism among Freedom of Information Desk Officers to deepen strategies for ensuring effective implementation of the FOI Act in Abuja.
The two day event tagged facilitating shared learning: experience Sharing and Best
Practice Application in the Implementation of the Freedom of Information Act, 2011 s providing interface and engagement for about sixty participants drawn from among FOI Desk Officers of
Federal Ministries, Departments and Agencies, MDAs to ensure improved compliance with proactive
publications and others obligations of Public Institutions under the FOI Act.
Declaring open the workshop, the Attorney General of the Federation  and Minister of justice,  Mr. Abubakar Malami, who described the Freedom of Information Act, 2011 as a crucial tool to the National development efforts of the Federation, said, the Act has shown that access to information is necessary for meaningful exercise of free expression on matters of public or political interest.
According to him, the Act provides legal guarantee for access to information and requires public institutions to proactively publish certain classes of information and to release information when requested.
He said that the workshop will not only help ensure effective implementation of the Act but also improve Desk Officers' compliance to their peoactive disclosure obligation and expressed pleasure with the increasing number of public institutions that have developed platforms for their proactive disclosure requirement under the law.
The attorney General reminded that all public institutions are by the law mandated to submit to his office annually a report of their compliance status which his office in turn, sends to the relevant committees in the National Assembly
In his speech,  the Head of Democracy,  Governance and Migration Section,  European Union Delegation to Nigeria and ECOWAS,  Clement Boutillier,  said, there is no functioning democracy without transparency because freedom of expression, and the media determine the quality of democratic process.
According to him, the recent take over of the airspace and self imposition of the social media does not change the fact that freedom of information and expression are fundamental rights enshrined in international law.
Mr. Boutillier, noted that despite the importance of the disclosure, Freedom of Information requests still go unaddressed saying that increasing the free flow of government information will guarantee better understanding of government and reinforce its legitimacy by addressing Sustainable Development challenges and Democracy deficits.
Earlier in his welcome remarks, the Executive Director, International Press Centre, Mr. Lanre Arogundade, represented by the Programme Manager, International Press Centre, Mrs Stella Nwofia, said the programme is  to lead to the establishment of an online FOI platform that will enable faster sharing of information,  ideas and experiences on mechanisms and methodologies of compliance.
According to him, the platform will also serve as a permanent dialogue channel among public institutions to be updated with the latest development on the implementation of Freedom of information laws while helping to expedite action for collaborative resolution of possible challenges.
Mr. Arogundade said, the weighty obligation on public institutions and public officers will be eased as they will no longer wait for FOI requests before complying since the information will now be easily accessible to citizens when needed.
The two day organised is organised by the International Press Centre, IPC, in collaboration with Media Rights Agenda, MRA, and the Freedom of Information Unit of the Federal Ministry of Justice, supported by the European Union, under Component 4b: Support to the media of the EU Support to Democratic Governance in Nigeria EU-SDGN Project.
Commentary: Biography Of Nze Clifford Ezechukwu (Ichie Ezenwa)
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2022-02-01 07:23:06CategoriesColumnist The death of Nze Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu was like a dream to his people of Nanka in Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra State. A man full of energy with a distinguished character, known for saying the truth, defending the truth no mater whose ox is gored, Ichie Ezenwa was known for his accommodating spirit and care. He loved to help those in need. His death is like sunset at noon as up till this moment his demise is still unbelievable. Though death is a price every mortal must pay, the Ezechukwu family did not expect Nze Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu to pay his own price at the age of 63. What a tragedy! Nze Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu was born in 1958 into the family of Nze Ezechukwu Okafor and Madam Felicia Uzoma Ezechukwu, all late now, at Enugwu Village, Nanka in Orumba North L.G.A. Due to his distinct character from the onset, he became the favorite of his father, Nze Ezechukwu Okafor, which earned him the title of Ichie Ezenwa meaning the king of their children. Ichie Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu was caught by measles at the early stage of his life as toddler, which affected his brain development and ability to speak. This affected his desire to acquire formal education, but he later received informal training because of the passion his father had for education. Nze Clifford Ezechukwu (Ichie Ezenwa) was loved by all who came across him, because of his modest and contented life style. During his sojourn on earth, he was never swayed by the colorful things of the universe because he believed so much in what he could afford through hard work. Ichie Ezenwa was a benevolent man who was always happy sharing the little he had with people, especially the less privileged. He loved helping people grow in their businesses and always strived to reach out to his friends. His Christian Life was full of testimonies as he was never found wanting in his involvement in various church activities, especially at his home church, Saint Matthews Anglican Church Enugwu, Nanka. As a devout Christian, the late Nze Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu believed so much in the Biblical passage which says, "Do unto others what you will like them to do unto you". His Social Life was equally vibrant. Ichie was a staunch member of his age grade, Ifunanya Age Grade of Enugwu village Nanka, and an 'Nze na Ozo' title holder at Nanka. As a member of the, groups, Ichie Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu (Ichie Ezenwa) distinguished himself as a man of high integrity and valor, who was always sorted and looked for in circumstances where truth was needed. His outspokenness and truthfulness made him very popular within Nanka and environs. Until his demise, he always cherished his younger brother, High Chief Sir Osita Kosisochukwu Ezechukwu, Orikaeze Nanka, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of God's Decision Oil And Gas Limited. The late Ichie Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu is survived by two children. There will be service of songs in his compound tomorrow, Wednesday, February 2, 2022 by 6pm. Funeral service will take place by 10am on Thursday, 3rd February at Saint Mathews’ Anglican Church Enugwu Nanka, thereafter interment in his compound to be followed by condolence visits by friends and sympathizers. There will be outing service at Saint Matthews’ Anglican Church Enugwu Nanka on Sunday, February 6, 2022. Adieu Nze Clifford Obumneme Ezechukwu, Rest in peace Ichie Ezenwa, Good Night till we meet on the resurrection morning. 
Lovebite Foods And Beverages Goes To Thanksgiving Mass, Holds Customers' Forum At Nnobi
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2022-02-01 07:19:05CategoriesState A notable Anambra Business tycoon, and the owner of Lovebite Foods and Beverages Limited, manufacturers of Lovebite bread, Chief Okwudili Augustine Nwosu has organized a thanksgiving mass and appreciation party at Nnobi, Idemmili South Council Area to show gratitude to God and his customers.   The events which respectively took place at Saint Paul's Catholic Church Nnobi, and Chief Nwosu's compound at Umuru village Nnobi attracted family, friends and customers of Lovebite Foods and Beverages limited from within and outside Anambra state, who went home with various gift items for partnering and patronizing the company last year. Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that gift items presented to the customers during the event by management of Lovebite Foods and Beverages limited include Shuttle Bus, Motorcycle, Refrigerator, Water Dispenser, Television set, standing Fan, Generator set, Air Conditioner, bags of rice, among others.   While presenting the gifts to the customers, the General Manager of the Lovebite Foods and Beverages limited, Chief Nwosu who went down memory lane on how he established the company two years ago, said the thanksgiving and customers appreciation are the company's annual ritual through which they appreciate God, and strengthen their relationship with customers. In an address, a Director in the Lovebite Foods and Beverages limited, Mrs Chinyere Odukwe, assured that the company will continue to contribute its quota in community development and human capacity building, and promised customers of sustained quality products and services.   In separate remarks, President General of Nnobi community, Barrister Dominic Okpala, the Chairman on the Occasion, Dr Pat Mbanefo, and a Chieftain in the area, Barrister Chukwudi Ezenyi said that Chief Nwosu has contributed immensely to the development of Nnobi community, including employment of the teaming youths, road construction, drilling of water borehole, rebuilding of Nnobi Police station which was destroyed during the End-SARS protest, and described his relationship with the customers as incomparable. The beneficiaries of the Lovebite Foods and Beverages Limited customers largess, including a Journalist, Mr Ifeanyi Ekeka who received the sum of one million naira for winning the 2022 Face of Lovebite, Mr Benjamin Ezedia who received a shuttle bus, and Mr Longinus Okoye who smiled home with brand new motorcycle, thanked Lovebite Foods and Beverages limited for the gesture, and assured to redouble efforts in promoting the product. Earlier in a homily during the thanksgiving mass, the Parish Priest of Our Lady Queen of Heaven Church Amaechi, Reverend Father Humphrey Anameche, called on Christians to wake to their responsibility of nation building, attributing the daily increasing social ills in the present Nigeria to the inability of Christians to speak up when things are wrong. 
Obiano's Deputy Chief Press Secretary Ozumba  Mourns Late Mother In-law, Mrs Christiana Nonyelu, Pays Condolence Visit At Abagana Njikoka Council Area
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-02-01 07:15:09CategoriesState The Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, Mr. Emeka Ozumba has paid the last respects to his mother-in-law, late Mrs Christiana Ifeoma Nonyelu, Nee Akile, at Akpu Village, Abagana, Njikoka Local Government Area. Mr Ozumba, was accompanied on the condolence by relatives, colleagues, associates and friends, including the Anambra State Deputy Governor-elect, Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim, Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Professor Theresa Obiekezie, a former Commissioner for Information in Anambra State, Chief Tony Onyima, the Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Anambra State, Mr James Eze, the Transition Committee Chairman of Ekwusigo Local Government Area, Barrister Austin Enendu, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr Uche Nworah, among others. Extending his condolence, the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano, represented by the Chairman of Anambra State Sports Development Commission, Chief Tony Oli, asked Mr Ozumba to be consoled by his mother-in-law's attested legacies of kindness and humility, certain that she had lived right and would be counted among the heaven's saints. In their separate remarks, Chief Onyima, Dr Nworah and Barrister Enendu, condoled with their friend, Mr Ozumba, and asked him to take heart and find positive recollections in the footprints left behind by his late mother-in-law. Mr Ozumba, and his wife, Peace, in separate interviews, described late Mrs Nonyelu as a peaceful and humble human, who will always be remembered by her unassuming egalitarian mindset, and unique principles with which she had raised her children, exemplified in the characters of her grandkids. Late Mrs Nonyelu, who was buried on Friday, January 28, 2022, died at the age of seventy. 
Vatican Office Commends CBCN For Introducing ComWEEK
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-01 07:11:23CategoriesNigeria The Vatican Office has commended the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria, CBCN, for introducing the Communications Week (ComWEEK) programme.   The ComWEEK is an initiative which aims at promoting media literacy at the grassroots in parishes all over Nigeria.   The commendation was contained in a letter, dated 19 January, 2022, and addressed to the National Director of Social Communications, Very Reverend Father Michael Nsikak Umoh by the Prefect of the Dicastery for Communications, Dr. Paolo Ruffini.   The Head of the Dicastery extolled the leaders of the Catholic Church in Nigeria for the bold steps taken in advancing media formation for missionary discipleship and for responsible citizenship in a democratic dispensation.   The Vatican Senior Official acknowledged the connection between media literacy on the one hand, and on the other hand, the Pope’s theme for the 2022 World Day of Communications, “LISTEN”, as well as the ongoing Synodality process taking place in the Church.   He affirmed that Media literacy will help in developing kindhearted and critical listening, a deepening of reasoning with the heart, as well as empowering the faithful in giving a more profound participation in the ongoing Synodality process, while responding to the call to be ‘missionary disciples.   The Communications Week (ComWEEK) is scheduled to hold in all parishes in the country from May 22 to May 29, 2022 as directed by the National Directorate of Social Communications of the Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria in Abuja. 
JAMB Introduces Computer Studies, Physical And Health Education As Part Of UTME 
AuthorReporterDate2022-02-01 07:09:18CategoriesNigeria The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board has introduced Computer Studies and Physical and Health Education as part of its Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination subjects. The board disclosed this in a release by the Director of Public Relations, Dr Fabian Benjamin, in Abuja. It said that candidates sitting for the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination could now pick Computer Studies or Physical and Health Education as part of the four required Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination subjects, if they so desire or as dictated by their programme preferences. The board said that the addition of the two subjects to the existing twenty-three Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination subjects would commence from the 2022 Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination exercise. According to the board, the move is to enhance the career prospect of students transiting to tertiary institutions. 
Anambra Disability Community Condemns Alleged Murder Of Co- Ordinator, Joint National Association Of Persons With Disability Aguata Branch Nnofu, Seeks Justice
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2022-02-01 07:07:27CategoriesState Anambra state Disability community has condemned the alleged murder of the Co-Ordinator of Joint National Association of Persons with Disability, Aguata branch, Mr. Mmaduabuchi Nnofu.   Mr Mmaduabuchi, a visually impaired and the first male child of his family was allegedly murdered and burnt beyond recognition by his younger brother, Onyedika.   Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the incident happened on Sunday this week at Eziagulu village, Ekwulobia in Aguata Local Government Area.   When ABS arrived the scene, the place was deserted as doors and windows were under lock and key.   According to a source who spoke to the ABS on the condition of anonymity, the prime suspect Onyedika has been in conflict for long with Mmaduabuchi his brother, over a piece of land, and has on several occasions, threatened to eliminate the victim.   The source stated that it was at about twelve noon on Sunday that he heard a loud shout in Nnofu's compound, and when people gathered to know exactly what happened, it was discovered that the victim was hacked and burnt beyond recognition by the said younger brother, Onyedika.   He explained that the irate youths of the community attempted to lynch the suspect before the intervention of the Police who rescued him, saying that he is now in police custody. In an interview at the scene, the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Disability Matters, Mr Chuks Ezewuzie, described the incident as unfortunate, stating that the victim was a vibrant leader in disability community, and a visually impaired who can never hurt a soul.   Mr Ezewuzie a lawyer who is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Disability Rights Commission, assured that the office will assist the family, praying that justice would prevail. On his part, the Coordinator of Joint National Association of Persons with Disability, in Anambra State, Comrade Ugochukwu Okeke, condemned the heinous act and called on security agencies and other relevant authorities to wade into the matter. 
Nigeria Has Lean Resources To Tackle Her Problems - Okorocha
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-02-01 07:03:35CategoriesNigeria A former governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha, says Nigeria's myriad of problems seem unsurmountable because of her lean resources.
The former governor, who is currently representing Imo West Senatorial District in the National Assembly, who made the assertion in Abuja, noted that though the world has tagged the country negatively in various ways, he believes that Nigeria is a great and blessed country which will change with time to become a producing country rather than a consuming country.

He opined that if traditional rulers had been given their place in the scheme of things, banditry and Crimes would have been nipped in the bud as the traditional institution remains the chief security of any community.
Senator Okorocha,  further noted that youths are the bedrock of any administration which if trained properly especially in technology,  will stem the tide of migration in search of greener pastures.

He reminded women that they have extra responsibility to cater for their families and as such, need to become financially independent in order to end what he tagged "country imposed crimes" and create a Nigeria without poverty.

According to Senator Okorocha, Nigeria is in dire need of a leader who will help the poor and needy, be a promoter of national unity, and can give free education from primary education to secondary school since about 14.5 million Nigeria children are out of school presently.
ABS, AWKACIMA To Hold National Summit On Igbo Apprenticeship In Awka
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-31 06:38:51CategoriesState The Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah will in partnership with Awka Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture convene a National Summit on Igbo Apprenticeship.   The objective of the organizers is to bring to the fore at this time, the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, which they believed, could help reposition Nigeria as it battles various issues including unemployment, banditry, ethnic agitations etc.   In an interview with the press, Dr. Nworah spoke on the Igbo apprenticeship scheme and how the scheme could be repositioned to help Nigeria as it battles various issues, including unemployment, banditry, and ethnic agitations among others.   Explaining the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, Dr. Nworah said it is an entrepreneurial model where an entrepreneur takes under tutelage an apprentice, and teaches him or her the rudiments of a particular trade for an agreed period, hence on completion, the entrepreneur gives the apprentice seed capital.   He emphasized that it is majorly indigenous to Ndigbo and over time has become part of their culture and tradition.   According to the ABS boss the keynote speaker, High Chief Dr. Obiora Okonkwo, and the high-powered panel of discussants will X-ray the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, bring out the positives while also recommending areas that should be improved upon for the scheme to continue to be relevant in the 21st century.   Dr. Nworah further stressed that the Igbo apprenticeship system that mentors, empowers and creates wealth along the lines of trained apprentices either in skills training or trading has also helped in the industrialisation of Anambra State and entire South-East. Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, will in partnership with Awka Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (AWKACCIMA) convene a National Summit on Igbo Apprenticeship. The objective of the organizers is to bring to the fore at this time, the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, which they believed, could help reposition Nigeria as it battles various issues including unemployment, banditry, ethnic agitations etc. In an interview with the press, Dr. Uche Nworah, MD/CEO of Anambra Broadcasting Service (ABS) spoke on the Igbo apprenticeship scheme and how the scheme could be repositioned to help Nigeria as it battles various issues, including unemployment, banditry, and ethnic agitations among others. Explaining the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, Dr. Nworah said it is an entrepreneurial model where an entrepreneur takes under tutelage an apprentice, and teaches him or her the rudiments of a particular trade for an agreed period, hence on completion, the entrepreneur gives the apprentice seed capital. He emphasized that it is majorly indigenous to Ndigbo and over time has become part of their culture and tradition. According to the ABS boss the keynote speaker, High Chief Dr. Obiora Okonkwo, and the high-powered panel of discussants will X-ray the Igbo apprenticeship scheme, bring out the positives while also recommending areas that should be improved upon for the scheme to continue to be relevant in the 21st century. Dr. Nworah further stressed that the Igbo apprenticeship system that mentors, empowers and creates wealth along the lines of trained apprentices either in skills training or trading has also helped in the industrialisation of Anambra State and entire South-East. The summit will hold on Wednesday, 9th March, 2022 at Hilton Leisure Hotel, Regina Caeli road, Awka by 10am. Entry is free but interested sponsors can contact 08060983636, 08063855744 and 08037442606. 
Friends Of Immediate Past Anambra Head Of Service, Uduh Host Luncheon To Celebrate His Retirement
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2022-01-31 06:29:05CategoriesState Friends and colleagues of the immediate past Head of Service of Anambra State, Barrister Harry Uduh, have organised retirement luncheon to celebrate his time in public service. The event was graced by dignitaries, including a former Senator that represented Anambra Central Senatorial District, Chief Victor Umeh ,the traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka, Head of Service, Anambra State, Barrister Theodora Igwegbe, Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Afairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue and the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr Uche Nworah. Speaking at the event, the chairman on the occasion, who is also the Principal Secretary to the Governor of Anambra State, Sir Willie Nwokoye described Barrister Uduh as a man of great capabilities, who has contributed immensely to the growth of Anambra's civil service. In an interview, the traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Emeka said Barrister Uduh is a great mind with remarkable working experience spanning across 35 years in the States's civil service, noting that the celebrant is a man who is loved by all and respected for his selfless service to humanity. On his part, Senator Umeh described Barrister Uduh as a technocrat who has given all his experience to the growth of civil service in Anambra State, and wished him well in his future endeavors. On her part, the Anambra State Head of Service, Barrister Igwegbe, said that Barrister Uduh's smooth transitional procedures made her at home with the demands of the new environment, and wished him well in his future goals. In their felicitations, the celebrant, Barrister Uduh and his wife, Lady Franca Uduh, expressed happiness, and appreciated everyone who came to celebrate with him. 
Anambra Condoles with Gbulie and Adeniran Ogunsanya Families
AuthorAnambra state governmentDate2022-01-31 06:24:31CategoriesState Anambra State has condoled with the Gbulie family of Nimo in Njikoka Local Government Area and the Ogunsanya family of Ikorodu in Lagos State over the deaths of their two prominent members last week.   According to a statement by the state Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, the government commiserated with the Gbulie family for the loss of Ben Gbulie, 82, a soldier and author who rose into national prominence for his role in the January 1966 coup which ended Nigeria’s First Republic.   The commissioner also said that the government condoled with the Ogunsanya family over the death of Princess Adenrele Adeniran-Ogunsanya, 74, a former Secretary to the Lagos State Government whose father, Chief Adeniran Ogunsanya, was for decades the closest political associate and personal friend of Nigeria’s first President, Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe, a worthy son of Anambra State who led Nigeria to independence in 1960.   “Ben Gbulie and his group obviously meant well for Nigeria when they plotted and executed the coup”, said the commissioner, “but they were out of touch with the Nigerian reality which, in a way, is understandable because they were young men in their 20s driven by sheer patriotic exuberance.   “It is unfortunate that the coup was bloody, and so gave rise to all manner of interpretations and consequences which altered the country’s history for the worse”.   Adinuba noted that Gbulie took up arms to fight for his people when a war was imposed on them, leading at the end of hostilities in January, 1970, to his long incarceration in different prisons in Nigeria.   Even when he was in 1979 contesting for a seat in the Anambra State House of Assembly on the Nigerian Peoples Party (NPP) platform, he was disqualified for what was just referred to as “security reasons” without explanation, though it was obvious the disqualification had to do with his military record.   Still, Gbulie was not a bitter man, according to Adinuba, who recalled several efforts the former Nigerian army engineer made to get young Igbo people to eschew violence and embrace peace and dialogue in the resolution of national issues.   Having lost a war, the retired gallant army officer used to argue, it would be suicidal to embark on a campaign that would make the same people lose another war within a short period without fully exploring all options.   The commissioner also recalled the high intelligence which Gbulie displayed at Government College Umuahia, in today’s Abia State, and during his training in different military institutions in Nigeria, the United Kingdom and United States in the 1960s.   “It is a mark of his brilliance that his books like Nigeria’s Five Majors, which was published in the early 1980s, remain among the most quoted and cited works on the country’s recent history”, Adinuba observed.   In a letter to the Ogunsanya family, Adinuba commended the late Princess Aderenle Adeniran-Ogunsanya for being “principle-centred like her legendary father, Chief Adeniran Ogunsanya, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), who was at different times Commissioner for Education in Lagos State, a Minister of the Federal Republic in the First Republic of 1960 to 1966 and the NPP National Chairman in the Second Republic of 1979 to 1983.   ‘Even when she was threatened with removal from office if she continued to support the reelection of her principal, Governor Babatunde Fashola of Lagos State, in 2011, she stuck to her guns.   “Her stand is reminiscent of her father’s principled refusal to yield to strong pressures from ethnic politicians to abandon The Great Zik of Africa”.   The statement recalled that Chief Ogunsanya was abandoned in death by a lot of his kinsmen for insisting on remaining fiercely loyal to Nigeria’s greatest nationalist ever.   “Consequently”, recalled Adinuba, “the Igbo practically took over his funeral, and Princess Aderenle Adeniran-Ogunsanaya was on hand to play the role of a wonderful hostess.   “It is heartwarming that despite certain steps to downplay Chief Ogunsanya’s role in national development, the people and government of Lagos State have memorialized him, as demonstrated by the naming of a major street in Surulere and a college of education in Ojo for him.   “History will always be kind to nationalists like Dr Azikiwe, Chief Ogunsanya and Princess Aderenle Adeniran –Ogunsanya”.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Commentary: Time To End Disinformation In Anambra State
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2022-01-31 06:21:56CategoriesColumnist Every rational thinker in Anambra State has decried the disinformation campaign against the government, which has continued more than two months after the November 6, 2021 gubernatorial election in the state. However, it is obvious that such disinformation is designed to “de-market the state, create trust deficit between the people and the government and manufacture a friction between the outgoing administration of Governor Willie Obiano and the incoming administration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo.
The latest instance is the sponsored false report on the social media that the Obiano administration budgeted a whopping five hundred million naira for the Professor Soludo inauguration on March 17, which the governor-elect rejected and rather opted for a twenty million naira ceremony. Regrettably, none of the figures bandied about has any iota of truth, as the governor never prepared a budget, which Professor Soludo could have possibly accepted or rejected.
More embarrassing is the allegation that the governor-elect wants an inauguration ceremony, which cannot cost more than twenty million naira. Professor Soludo, who is determined to run a frugal administration, wants a most modest inauguration, which will last a couple of minutes in front of Government House, Awka, and cannot cost anything near one million naira.
Soludo’s decision has been conveyed to Governor Obiano who is delighted that his successor, whom he supported every inch of the way in his gubernatorial quest in the last few years, is resolved to run a lean administration so as to save money for Ndi Anambra.
Governor Obiano has always stated publicly that he chose to back Professor Obiano on account of his outstanding brilliance, robust performance record, solid commitment to the public good and acute preparedness to transform the state within a short period. Therefore, all the concocted reports about a fight between him and the governor-elect are baseless.
Another disinformation worth commenting on is the claim in the media last week that the absence of Governor Obiano at the inauguration of the Transition Committee led by Dr Oby Ezekwesili, a former World Bank vice president, was an indication of a rift between Obiano and Soludo. Notably, the only reporter who filed the report, which went viral, obviously took fiction too far, even by standards of sensational journalism, and ended up embarrassing his colleagues who were at the venue and provided accurate reports of the proceedings.
Of course, Chief Obiano was not scheduled to attend the inauguration, as a large and competent government delegation led by the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, was at the venue. The SSG, commissioners, special advisers and heads of various agencies have since been providing all necessary facilities and information to the Transition Committee needed for a smooth handover.
Thus, it is obvious that the fictitious reports, sponsored by politically exposed individuals who lost out badly in the November gubernatorial vote, are meant to damage the state’s reputation.
It is regrettable that even Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, which saw a phenomenal 3865 passengers and 145 flights in the first month of commercial flight operations which started last December, is also the butt of vicious attacks by politicians.
In a desperate effort to stop people from using the airport, they sponsored a report on the social media claiming that a large herd of so-called Fulani-owned cows broke into the airport, assisted by dangerously armed herders.
It is remarkable that all the airport stakeholders, including airlines, passengers, security agencies, technical and cabin crews, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, the Ministry of Aviation as well as serious journalists treated the report with the contempt it deserved.
Politicians, who sponsor such relentless reports against the state in the name of fighting a political war, are therefore advised to desist from the attempt to de-market the state. The election is over and what our people need now is an atmosphere of cooperation, collaboration and solidarity to enable the governor-elect to kick off the desired revolution to launch Anambra State into a stratosphere of development.
Reverend Okonkwo Tasks Christians On Service To God And Humanity
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-31 06:15:55CategoriesState The Resident Priest, Saint Joseph's Anglican Church, Agu-Awka, Reverend Sunday Okonkwo has called on Christians to answer the call of God in any aspect of their lives as everyone is sent with a mission to accomplish on earth by God.   Reverend Okonkwo, who stated this in a sermon during a  Sunday Service, said it is expected that everyone should carry out his or her assignment in whichever way God blessed the person with wisdom. Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor-Okoye reports that Reverend Okonkwo noted that ministries have to do with services to God and humanity and therefore Christians should bear the progress of each other in mind and render help while making God the pillar of their lives.   He asked them to enrich themselves with wisdom from God, which will help them to live righteously all through this year.   At Saint Anthony's Catholic Parish, Ifite Awka, Reverend Father Remigius Obasi called for love of God amongst all Christians to live in harmony and peace. Reverend Father Obasi noted that to maintain that call as ambassadors and prophets of love of God, they should endure each other, sacrifice and overlook the pains that come with love as Christ paid a huge prize for their sake.   Also, at the Eternal Sacred Order of Cherubim and Seraphim, Awka, Pastor Christian Nwankwo said that the grace of God is made manifest to those, who believe and trust in him.   Prayers were offered to usher in the month of February in peace. 
Anambra Lawmaker Obalum-Udoba Asks Members Of Anambra West Constituency To Promote Unity Of Purpose
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-31 06:09:46CategoriesState The member representing Anambra West Constituency in Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Patrick Obalum-Udoba has charged people of the area to always work in unison to achieve their desired target. Honourable Obalum-Udoba, who gave the charge during a meeting at Umueze-Anam, said that the assembly was aimed at thanking them for voting massively for the candidate of the All-Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Professor Chukwuma Soludo during last year's Anambra Governorship Election. He further appealed to his people to extend their unalloyed support to the incoming administration, assuring that Professor Soludo will continue from where Governor Willie Obiano stopped in developing the council area, as well as other parts of the state. A former deputy governor of Anambra State, Dr. Chinedu Emeka also urged Ndi Anambra West, to always love one another and be their brother’s keeper at all time, even as he expressed optimism that the incoming administration of Professor Soludo will deliver on his campaign promises. For the Transition Committee Chairman of Anambra West Local Government Area, Sir Sylvester Orji-Okafor, they want to thank their people for supporting their party during the last governorship election in the state, and urged them not to relent. Some stakeholders in the council area from other political parties during the meeting joined APGA, including the councilor representing, Umueze-Anam Ward two, Mr. Chukwudi Onuorah, who defected from the Peoples’ Democratic Party, PDP, to APGA. Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that the member representing Anambra East & West Federal Constituency, Chief Chinedu Obidigwe, represented by his Personal Assistant, Mr.  Anthony Nwakeze, the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Obiano on Project Monitoring, Chief Ojukwu Obakasi, the Special Assistant to the governor on markets, Mr. Sunday Nwasah, his Agriculture counterpart, Dame Theresa Okoye, among others were present during the meeting. 
Anambra Governor - Elect Soludo Advocates Disruptive Changes To Tackle National Challenges
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-31 06:05:24CategoriesState Anambra State Governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has blamed the nation’s economic crisis on the inability of political leaders to initiate and execute necessary disruptive changes. Professor Soludo stated this at Abuja, during the 2021 Pioneer Class Graduation of the School of Politics, Policy, and Governance, SPPG, with the theme: “Emergence of the Unconventional. He said that the country is now at a fiscal cliff with a crunching solvency challenge. According to the former Central Bank Nigeria governor, youth unemployment, insecurity, poverty, and inflation threaten the social fabric. The governor-elect continued on the contrary, that the masses, who are the ultimate beneficiaries are not organized enough to act as a bulwark against the special interests. The Founder of SPPG and Former Minister of Education, Dr. Obiageli Ezekwesili, said Nigeria would not have a high number of out-of-school children and maternity deaths if the nation had the right politics. 
TRADOC Holds  Battle Inoculation And Firepower Demonstration For Cadets Of Short Service Course In Kaduna
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-31 06:01:34CategoriesNigeria The Commander, Training and Doctrine Command, TRADOC, Nigerian Army, Major General SO Olabanji, has charged cadets of Short Service Course, forty- seven, Army to always engage themselves in activities that will keep them physically and mentally fit for the rigorous task of defending the territorial integrity of the nation and subduing all threats to national security especially upon passing-out of the academy and subsequent commissioning as officers in the Nigerian Army. Major General Olabanji gave the charge at the Nigerian Army Table Hill, Kachia, during the Battle Inoculation and Firepower Demonstration phase of Exercise Camp Highland, which marked the final field exercise for the cadets in the academy. The TRADOC Commander, who expressed satisfaction with the performance of the cadets during the exercise, noted that it was designed to imbue confidence and expose the cadets to real battle conditions and what they may face in real life battle situations. He underscored the importance of physical fitness and positive attitude to work and urged the cadets to remain focused and disciplined while discharging all assigned tasks upon their graduation from the Academy. The cadets were also trained on combat shooting in conjunction with the usual Field Firing among others while the battle Inoculation was concluded with a novelty shooting by the Special Guest of Honour, dignitaries from Army Headquarters and invited guests from sister services. 
Archbishop Ibezim Rededicates Christian Men's Fellowship Awka Diocese, Tasks Parents On Promotion Of Igbo Language
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2022-01-31 05:57:41CategoriesState The Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim has advised fathers to live a healthy spiritual lifestyle in the quest to lead their families aright. Most Reverend Ibezim gave the advice at Saint Peters’ Anglican Church, Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area, during a re-dedication service for members of the Christian Men's Fellowship in Awka Diocese. Correspondent Blessing Uchendu reports that according to Archbishop Ibezim, whose message centered on the theme of the re-dedication service" Christian Men are Prayer Warriors", said it is important for fathers to build strong spiritual foundations for their families, without falling short of their parental responsibilities. While charging religious heads to work more on improving the spiritual growth of their flock instead of placing more attention on materialism, Archbishop Ibezim urged parents to always communicate with their children in their mother tongue as part of measures to save the Igbo Language from extinction. In a remark, the chaplain of the Christian Men's fellowship in Awka Diocese and supervising priest of Amawbia Archdeaconry, Reverend Canon Vincent Nkemdilim, thanked Archbishop Ibezim for his fatherly support to members of the diocesan men's fellowship, and charged fathers to be role models to their families and immediate society. The President, Christian Men's Fellowship in the Diocese, Sir Emmanuel Nwosu, the chairman of the Planning Committee, Chief Nathaniel Anigbo and President, Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Rotarian Abuchi Nwozor and Sir Mike Odumodu, charged fathers to maintain their positions as the pastors and prayer warriors of their various homes. The service was attended by members of Christian Men's Fellowship in all the eighteen Archdeaconries in the Anglican Diocese of Awka. The President of the Women's Ministry in Awka Diocese and Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger, Mrs. Chioma Ibezim, also attended the service that featured thanksgiving and special prayer for the spiritual growth of fathers by Most Reverend Ibezim, who also announced that the re-dedication of Men's Fellowship would henceforth be an annual event in the diocese. 
IFAD VCDP Hands Over Multi - Million Naira Market Infrastructure To Azia Community In Ihiala Council Area
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2022-01-31 05:52:40CategoriesState Two market infrastructure worth about twenty-five million naira have been inaugurated and officially handed over to Azia Community in Ihiala Local Government Area by the Federal Government IFAD VCDP.   The infrastructure, which comprised of ten lockup stores, fourteen open stalls and one VIP toilet, is sited at Obom Market Azia.   Ebele Ezeh reports that the infrastructure was constructed for FGN/IFAD VCDP members under Azia cluster after contributing ten percent of the total cost as their own counterpart fund. Inaugurating and handing over the infrastructure to the community, the commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba, who spoke through a Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agriculture, Mr. Obioma Mbanefo charged the beneficiaries to take ownership, maintain and judiciously make use of the infrastructure to change their financial status through innovation.   The State Programme Coordinator, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Nnamdi Agwuncha assured to further support them with a Cassava mill which according to him, is dependent on the management of the market infrastructure. Also speaking, the Transition Committee chairman, Ihiala Local Government Area, Sir Jude Obi lauded the federal government and Governor Obiano in particular for attracting such an intervention programme even as he assured maximum security of the infrastructure.   For the President General, Azia General Assembly, Dr. Toonna Nwabueze the aims and objectives of the market infrastructure would be sustained, promising that the community will not disappoint the FGN IFAD VCDP. Later in a vote of thanks, the chairman, Igwebuike Cooperative Society Azia, one of the cooperative societies that make-up Azia Cluster, Mr. Uzochukwu Chukwuebuka, who listed capacity building as the greatest thing they benefited from FGN IFAD VCDP, identified the market infrastructure as the least and prayed God to reward them abundantly. 
2021 RECRUITMENT OF POLICE CONSTABLES – PHYSICAL SCREENING HOLDS FROM 1ST FEBRUARY- 20TH FEBRUARY 2022
AuthorANAMBRA POLICE COMMANDDate2022-01-30 09:10:37CategoriesState Candidates to check application status on recruitment portal, www.policerecruitment.gov.ng and print application profile page The Anambra State Police Command wishes to inform indigenes of Anambra State, who applied for the 2021 recruitment exercise that the Physical Screening Exercise is scheduled to hold from Tuesday, 1st February, 2022 to Sunday 20th February , 2022, 0800HRS daily, at Dora Akunyili Women Development Center, Awka. Consequently, candidates are to check their application status on the recruitment portal, www.policerecruitment.gov.ng and print out their application profile page. They are also advised to appear at the screening venue in their clean white T-shirts and shorts with the following mandatory requirements: i. National Identity Card/Slip ii. Printout of Application Profile page (as obtained from the portal). iii. Original and Photocopies of their Credentials The State Local Government Area schedule dates for the Physical Screening is as follow: 1ST FEBRUARY, 2022 Aguata, Awka North, Awka South, Anambra East. 2ND FEBRUARY, 2022 Anambra West, Anaocha, Anyamelu, Dunkofia. 3RD FEBRUARY, 2022 Ekwusiog, Idemili North, Idemili South, Ihiala, Njikoka. 4TH FEBRUARY, 2022 Nnewi North, Nnewi South, Ogbaru, 5TH FEBRUARY, 2022 Onitsha North, Onitsha South, Orumba North, Orumba South, Oyi The Command equally advises concerned Candidates to stick to their allotted date and time as the exercise would be carried out in strict compliance with the COVID-19 prevention protocols. The Commissioner of Police, CP Echeng Echeng reiterates that the recruitment exercise is absolutely free of charge. He assures that the medical screening will be conducted in the best tradition of transparency and professionalism as and when due. The CP also advises the applicants not to allow themselves to be swindled by online fraudsters and other criminal elements, who might want to take advantage of the recruitment process to defraud innocent applicants and Nigerian citizens. Candidates are advised to call 08100004507 for any inquiry especially on the operations of the portal. DSP Ikenga Tochukwu, ANIPR PPRO Anambra State Police Command 
Commentary: Giving Ear To The Voice Of Street Children
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-30 09:08:55CategoriesColumnist Tomorrow is International Street Children's Day. It is no longer in doubt that most countries of the world signed and ratified the United Nations Convention on Rights of the child and have a legal obligation to work towards ensuring that all children’s rights are integrated into national law but regrettable many government policies and practices still do not include street children. Across the world, most of these children are denied education, entertainment and opportunity for proper human development.
Street children include children living on the streets with no home at all, children spending most of their time on the streets without opportunities for education and care and child workers who, daily, face pains, abuse by adults, low life expectancy and are unable to explore their potential.
According to the UNICEF, one hundred and fifty-eight million children across the world are engaged in child labour, representing one in every six children, with Asia and Africa having the lion share; while seventy-three million of the children are less than ten years old.
In Asia, forty-four million children are engaged in child labour, out of which twenty-five million are illegally employed by rug factories. In the Sub-Saharan Africa, sixty-nine million children are said to be engaged in one form of child labour or the other, which means that one in every three children is a victim.
Some of these children work with pesticides and chemicals in the agriculture sector, while others work with dangerous machineries that endanger their lives and UNICEF statistics show that twenty-two thousand of these children die in work related accidents every year.
In a similar vein, millions of children, engaged as domestic servants, are always over burdened and most of them, especially the girls, are frequently sexually harassed, abused and exploited. Most of these children live in rural communities and urban slums where the poverty level is rather high with little opportunity of breaking the shackle of poor standard of living.
In Nigeria, communities in most states in the Northern part of the country are the worst hit, resulting to the challenge of the “Almajeri” syndrome, with many of them becoming ready tools for violence and bloodletting. Ebonyi and some other states in the South-South zone also have high figures of child labour.
In some communities in Anambra State, such as Anambra East and West, Ayamelum, Ogbaru, Orumba North and South, child labour has almost become part of the accepted way of daily living. Child labour is also prominent in some of the urban and semi-urban towns of Awka, Onitsha, Nnewi, Ekwulobia and Ihiala, where children, instead of being sent to school, are engaged in forced labour to generate income for their families, either by hawking wares on major highways with the risk of being run down by moving vehicles or by assisting their parents to sell in shops and markets. Some of them, who are less fortunate, are daily exposed to the harsh and degenerated life of begging for alms by parents and guardians.
Children, as hope for future survival of the society, should be properly equipped and empowered to confront the challenges of life and living without going through dehumanizing and harrowing experience of forced labour. There should be more proactive measures in enforcing the child Rights Law to protect them from abuse and exploitation.
Stakeholders should sustain efforts in ensuring that children receive quality education that will positively change their mind sets and perception of life and equip them with necessary knowledge and skills to attain their full potentials in life. Government at all levels, churches, civil society groups, schools, youth and women organizations as well as the media should sustain the campaign against oppression of children and save them from the traumatic effects and evil of child labour, homelessness and street life.
2023: Catholic Secretariat Of Nigeria Declines To Engage In Party Politics
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-30 09:06:12CategoriesState The Catholic Secretariat of Nigeria says it will not engage in any form of party politics, including choosing or fielding a candidate in the 2023 Presidential election.   Speaking at a media briefing to flag-off activities for this year's World Communication Week, the Director Church and Society, Reverend Father Uche Obiechina, said politics is about governance and well-being of the people, which is why the Church in Nigeria and Catholic Church all over the world support politics and encourage members to play politics.   He said though Catholic Church as an institution cannot play party politics because its members belong to different political parties, the Church expects her members to play active roles in party politics, adding that the Church is mobilising Christians and non-Christians to rise to the reality of politics in order to bring about good governance for the common good of the country, which he said is in dire need of good leadership.   Earlier, the National Director of Social Communications of the Catholic Secretariat, Reverend Father Michael Umoh, advised Nigerians to desist from treading along tribal, ethnic, religious or political affiliations, noting that the Church is looking up to the next dispensation with hope.   He said this is the time for Nigerians to rise in unison to act and lend their voices to all that is good and noble; in order to save the country from the mistakes of the past, which he said plunged the nation into the present hardship.   Father Umoh said the theme of this year’s World Communication Day, ‘‘Listen to the ear of the heart’’ implies freely giving our time to listen to people, which he said is the first act of charity.   The Secretary General, Reverend Father Zacharia Samjumi, had in his opening remark, commended journalists for using their platforms to end all forms of persecution, as well as bring to the fore the plights of the masses and make their voices heard.   For the Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, FCT Council, Comrade Emmanuel Ogbeche, journalists have had it rough in the past six years and it may be tougher as the 2023 general election approaches, but expressed joy that with the Church already interrogating the sufferings of the people, there is hope for the common man.s   Highlights of the event include unveiling of gifts ahead of the World Communication Week. 
Anthony Nneli Buried At Ivite Aguleri Anambra East Council Area 
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2022-01-30 09:03:36CategoriesNews State It was a moment of grief for family members and people of Ivite Aguleri during the burial of one of their illustrious sons, Chief Anthony Egbunike Nneli, who passed on at the age of seventy after a long battle with stroke.   Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi reports that the burial mass for Chief Nneli, Oji Aguleri, held at St. Francis Catholic Church Aguleri, attracted people from far and near; who paid their last respect to the deceased. In his homily, the Chaplain of Chapel of Immaculate Conception, Pope John Paul the second Major Seminary, Okpuno, Reverend Father Melchizedek Chidiobi, emphasized that Christians should be forgiving and compassionate with one another, as God Himself is merciful.   Speaking after interment, the eldest son of the late Chief Nneli, Mr. Chukwuemeka described his father as a strong man who never gave up easily despite battling stroke for fifteen years, while his daughter, Miss Chinelo explained that her father was a loving family man, urging all to always express their love and spend quality time with their loved ones. A friend to the Nneli family, Chief Paul Nnaama who came to condole with them, noted that the deceased was a hardworking man with exceptional character, and recalled that after the civil war, he relocated to Lagos and engaged in Engineering work; despite not having formal education, and later travelled wide, with immense contribution to community development, both at Lagos and Aguleri.   On his part, Sir Simeon Amaegbu, described as unfortunate the death of Chief Anthony, and used the opportunity to encourage people to make peace with one another, noting that life on earth is transient. Condolence visits from family members, friends and top government functionaries; including the Special Adviser to the Governor on Local Government, Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Mrs. Vera Okonkwo, and the Senior Special Assistant the Governor on Media, Mr. Marcel Manafa, featured at the event. 
Emecheta Asks South-East Politicians To Forge United Front To Build Strong Political Block
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-30 09:00:10CategoriesState South East politicians have been urged to forge united front in order to build strong political bloc capable of achieving the Igbo agenda.   Speaking in Awka, the National Chairman, Anambra for Soludo, Chief Jude Emecheta said Ndịgbo should put the welfare of the zone above personal political interest and ambition. Chief Emecheta noted that Anambra State Governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has through the composition of his transition committee shown his broad-based vision of harnessing quality human resources in the region to achieve collective welfare of the masses; irrespective of political party leanings, in order to achieve efficient service delivery and accelerate the drive towards South East renaissance to build strong regional economy.   He described members of the committee as people with integrity, whose inputs would help engender robust socio-economic development through impactful leadership.   Chief Emecheta described Professor Soludo's manifesto as a comprehensive vision that would transform Anambra State to a mega industrial economy; with quality physical infrastructure and human capital development that would make the State a reference point in West African sub-region and Africa as a continent.   In his reaction, an APGA Chieftain, Dr Mike Omenugha said the committee will provide a template and springboard for the Governor-elect, Professor Soludo to commence immediate implementation of his vision with the right caliber people who have zeal and determination to provide selfless service.   He noted that Professor Soludo has demonstrated clear resolve to make remarkable change, not only in Anambra but also entire South East and Nigeria in general, by exploring contributions of quality human resources beyond the boundaries of the State.               Also speaking, the State Chairman of Miners Association of Nigeria, Chief Henry Igboeli extolled the composition of members of the committee, whom he described as people of integrity; with wide exposure and experience in various fields of work, who have the needed knowledge and competence to chart a course for sustainable development.   Chief Igboeli expressed confidence that members of the committee would make commendable inputs that would ensure smooth transition from one APGA administration to another, and enable the Governor-elect, Professor Soludo to kick start implementation of his manifesto on sound and strong note.   He urged people of the State to avoid acts and utterances capable of distracting the new administration from its vision, reminding them that building the future of the State is collective responsibility.   
MD/CEO Of ABS Nworah Extols Obiano On Administrative Excellence
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-01-30 08:58:52CategoriesState The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr Uche Nworah says posterity would always remember Governor Willie Obiano for setting the pace for administrative excellence in Anambra State. Correspondent Dan Ezeigwe reports that Dr Nworah, who stated this while discussing the achievements of the present administration, noted that the trajectory of visible growth in Anambra, spearheaded by successive governments of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, excites Ndi Anambra both at home and in the diaspora. He said Governor Obiano's remarkable breakthroughs in human development index, in addition to successes recorded in education, security, infrastructural development, agriculture and social reorientation, would always be historically referred to in the discourse of good governance. Dr Nworah, who was appointed the MD/CEO of ABS in July, 2014, said having had a front-row view of the programs and policies of the outgoing administration, everyone who has played a role in the success story of the Obiano administration will always look back to the last eight years with fond memories.   Sharing pictures of the antiquated ABS complex prior to the building of a brand complex by Governor Obiano, the ABS boss said equal milestones have also been recorded in different sectors and sub-sectors in the State.   He noted that the ease of travelling  facilitated by the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri,  with its  socio-economic possibilities that would be opened up by the International Convention Centre, Awka and Awka City Stadium, are all smart policies executed by the Governor Obiano's administration to step up the economic potential of Anambra State. 
Former Super Eagles Coach Gernot Rohr Heads To Ghana
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-30 08:56:08CategoriesNigeria Reports said former Super Eagles coach, Gernot Rohr, may be named the coach of Ghana’s national team ahead of their Qatar 2022 World Cup qualifying play-offs against Nigeria in March. Rohr was sacked by the Nigeria Football Federation last month, after some unconvincing performances in the World Cup qualifiers, despite steering the three-time African champions to the play-offs. It was gathered that the Franco-German is leading the race for the position of the Black Stars head coach job following the recent sacking of Milovan Rajevac, after the Black Stars disastrous outing at the ongoing 2021 Africa Cup of Nations in Cameroon, where the Ghanaians crashed out in the group stage with just one point and recording a shock three-two defeat to minnows Comoros. Sources said Rohr is a potential and leading candidate for the Blacks Stars job due to his wealth of experience in Africa. 
Anambra Lawmaker Igwe Seeks  Assistance For Victims Of  Obodoukwu Fire Disaster
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2022-01-30 08:54:54CategoriesState The member representing Ogbaru One Constituency in the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Noble Igwe, has urged the State government to assist victims of Obodoukwu fire disaster with funds to cushion the effects of the incident on them. Honourable Igwe made the appeal when he visited the traders at shoe site and Ogbaru markets along Obodoukwu road in Ogbaru Local Government Area affected by the fire outbreak that occurred in the markets last Friday. House of Assembly Correspondent Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that after assessing the level of damage done by the inferno, the lawmaker told ABS that the incident was caused by a petrol tanker conveying fuel, which fell at a bad spot-on Onitsha-Owerri road and exploded. He lamented that the inferno destroyed seven residential buildings, many shops and goods at the markets worth billions of naira. The legislator called for immediate rehabilitation of the bad spot in the area as according to him the deplorable condition of the road causes accident, even as he commended Anambra and Delta States Fire Service for stopping the fire incident. Lamenting the incident, one of the affected traders, Mr. Joseph Nwachukwu said his goods worth millions of naira were destroyed by the fire outbreak and urged the State government to assist him with funds to enable him rebuild his business. On her part, another victim of the incident who deals on second hand wears, Miss Uchechukwu Obi also urged the State government to come to her aid. In his remark, the President-General of Ogbaru Main Market, Mr. Ndubuisi Ochiogu commended Honourable Igwe for identifying with them, expressing optimism that his efforts will yield the desired result. 
Commentary: Catch Them Young Before Time Is Up
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-29 07:50:55CategoriesColumnist The beauty of any well-meaning nation lies on its youths. Nigerian youths are dynamic, just like their counterparts all over the world. They are our pride, the future hope of the country, those hoped to renew the face of the earth.
However, youths seem to be at the crossroads. When one thinks of the internet and the society today, viz-a-viz the effect the use of computers and the internet has on them, then you realize that our youths are endangered species, if this trend is not drastically checked. Youths have quickly and clandestinely abandoned proper education at the door step of internet.
Again, morality is of no consequence these days. It has gone down the drains. Morality is being treated with reckless abandon. This is because the society is bastardized with immoral codes in all ramifications with little or no shame. Orchestrated hooliganism is almost becoming the order of the day at the expense of Godliness. Mkpuru mmiri, the word in vogue, is corrosively and dangerous destroying the lives of families and youths.
It is disheartening that some youths, unknown to their parents, leave home for school and end up in business and betting centers, hotels, and hide out centers, where they engage in insatiable fantasies, unfulfilled desires and dreams.
The internet has turned the world into a global village where one sees the bad, the good, and the ugly at a glance. Thus, social media exerts a considerable influence on the educational, moral, spiritual and social life of our youths and even adults too. Consequently, the unsuspected user-prisoners have become slaves to the electronic gadgets. Some of them wallow off in pornography, insatiable desire syndrome, nude websites, or even dangerous games, gambling and fraud in the name of browsing.
Esteemed parents, guardians, mentors, teachers and leaders, the dye is cast! Let us wake up. Our children are at the cross roads. They need us badly! They need our love! They need our attention! They need our guidance, both at home and in school. It is high time we woke up, before the impending deluge carries them away into oblivion, but God forbid. They have to be rescued from this clandestine danger of electronic bondage.
Let us take our children to Christ Jesus, the saviour. They must be trained in the expected code of conduct from the home. Parents should be conscious of their negative behavior before their children as their act may pose a threat to their children’s upbringing.
Parents walking around nude in their homes, when their children are around, is not healthy at all. It psychologically affects them. Also, parents quarrelling and fighting before their children is not healthy. It creates a bad image in their psyche. Parents must equally observe the type of friends their children keep.
Parents should teach their child the proper way to follow so that when they grow, they will not depart from it. They should not spear the rod and spoil the child at the door step of being too busy. Parents should not mortgage their children’s welfare with their attention heaped on T.V, radio, mobile phone, browsing the web, social media, gambling and other distracting vices capable of destroying them. Our children need us and our undivided attention for the times are perilous.
For those in lower education, parents should always check their books when they return from school and for those in higher education, occasionally pay unannounced or impromptu visit to check on them. One has to observe the signs of the times and the timing of events.
In essence, the internet is good for the modern person, but at the same time, it does pose its teething problems to humanity, including the youths. Town and religious leaders should rally round with one accord to eradicate the ugly menace and pains caused by mkpurummiri.
To help save the youths, all hands must be on deck. Let us, on our knees, go back to the drawing board with our eyes soaked with tears in prayer to save our children in distress and disarray.
WRITTEN BY LADY OBY ONYENWE
Soludo Support Group Unveils Membership Verification Project In Awka
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-01-29 07:47:10CategoriesState As part of efforts to integrate members and ensure their well-being, the Soludo Support Group, SSG, has unveiled its membership verification project in Awka, the state capital.   Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that in line with their agenda to keep the group alive and make it a veritable instrument for positive change, the Soludo Support Group, SSG, launched the membership verification project, which according to the National Convener of the group, Mr. Chinedu Nwoye, will enable the group have accurate data of their members, in order to help them to promote their welfare. Mr Nwoye, who is also the Chairman of All Soludo Support Group, emphasized that the idea of bringing all people together under the SSG was to achieve a greater Anambra, and assured that the group will continue to take care of it's members by providing them with soft loans to establish small businesses and sustain existing ones.   He reminded members that the best reward for their tireless commitment to Anambra project is good governance and a better future for their children, which he said the incoming Governor, Professor Soludo is bringing on board. The Zonal Coordinators of the group for Anambra Central, South and North respectively, Comrade Obi Ochije Muodilim, Chief VanGeorge Ezeogidi and Mr. Sam Emeka, while commending the committee in charge of the exercise, pointed out the need to bring on board old members who sacrificed their time and resources for the good of the State.   The membership Verification committee Chairman, Dr Emmanuel Okoli stated that they will sustain the membership drive to make the group more formidable, and maintained that being a member is one of the major criteria that will enable one benefit from the welfare packages outlined for members, and urged them to maximize the opportunity. The meeting was attended by the SSG local government Coordinators, Woman leaders, stakeholders, among others, while official unveiling of the verification materials and it's distribution featured at the event. 
2021 Police Recruitment Physical Screening Exercise Holds 1st To 20th February 
AuthorANAMBRA POLICE COMMANDDate2022-01-29 07:44:00CategoriesState The Anambra State Police Command has informed indigenes of Anambra State who applied in the 2021 police recruitment exercise that the Physical Screening Exercise is scheduled to hold from Tuesday, 1st February, 2022 to Sunday 20th February, 2022, at eight o’ clock in the morning daily, at Dora Akunyili Women Development Center, Awka.   The Command, in a statement signed by the Police Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga advised candidates to check their application status on the recruitment portal, www.policerecruitment.gov.ng, and print out their application profile page.   The statement also advised applicants to appear at the screening venue in their clean white T-shirts and shorts with the following mandatory requirements:   i. National Identity Card/Slip, ii. Printout of Application Profile page, as obtained from the portal.   iii. Original and Photocopies of their credentials   According to the State Police Command, the Local Government Area schedule dates for the Physical Screening are as follow:   *1ST FEBRUARY, 2022 - Aguata, Awka North, Awka South, Anambra East.   *2ND FEBRUARY, 2022 - Anambra West, Anaocha, Anyamelu, Dunkofia.   *3RD FEBRUARY, 2022 - Ekwusiog, Idemili North, Idemili South, Ihiala, Njikoka.   *4TH FEBRUARY, 2022 - Nnewi North, Nnewi South, Ogbaru,   *5TH FEBRUARY, 2022 - Onitsha North, Onitsha South, Orumba North, Orumba South, Oyi   The Command equally advised concerned candidates to stick to their allotted dates and time, adding that the exercise would be carried out in strict compliance with the COVID-19 prevention protocols.   The State Commissioner of Police, Echeng Echeng, in the statement reiterated that the recruitment exercise is absolutely free of charge, and assured that the medical screening will be conducted in the best tradition of transparency and professionalism as and when due.   He advised the applicants not to allow themselves to be swindled by online fraudsters and other criminal elements who might want to take advantage of the recruitment process to defraud innocent applicants and Nigerian citizens.   The State Commissioner of Police advised applicants the to call 0-8-1-0-0-0-0-4-5-0-7 for any inquiry, especially on the operations of the portal. 
Anambra State Chapter Of NUJ Elects New Exco, Odogwu Emerges Chairman, Ngọzi Obileri Of ABS Vice Chairman
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2022-01-29 07:42:04CategoriesState The Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Anambra State Council  had elected new executives to pilot its affairs for the next three years. Emmanuel Chigbata reports that the election, held at Dr Godwin Ezeemo International Press Centre Awka, saw the emergence of Dr. Emeka Odogwu of the Correspondent's Chapel as Chairman while Mrs. Ngozi Obileri of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, emerged the vice chairman. The election was supervised by officials of the Credentials Committee, NUJ Anambra State Council 2022 Election, led by the chairman, Mr. Victor Agusiobo and the secretary, Mrs. Sylvia Tochukwu-Ngige. Declaring Dr. Odogwu the winner of the election after polling a total of one hundred and ten votes against his two opponents, Mr. Abuchi Onwumelu, who polled one hundred and three votes and Mr. Emma Udeagha, Mr. Agusiobo described the election as the best so far in the history of NUJ in Anambra State and urged the electorate to support those they elected. While Mrs. Obileri won with one hundred and forty-two votes against Mrs. Betty Onuchukwu, who polled seventy-one votes to emerge the Vice Chairman, Mr. Aloysius Ofordile, was returned unopposed as the secretary. Also Mr. Okechukwu Onuegbu the Assistant Secretary, Mr. Ogemdi Ozoemena, the Treasurer, Mr. John Ndu the Financial Secretary and Mrs. Gloria Ilonya the Auditor were returned unopposed. In his acceptance speech, Dr. Odogwu described his victory as ordained by God and promised to fulfil all promises made during his campaign. On her part, Mrs. Obileri, who said she felt elated, assured that much work is expected from her which she promised would be fulfilled without hitches. The outgone chairman, Mr. Francis Ekpone, in his valedictory speech, expressed  gratitude to all for the wonderful opportunity to serve the union and charged the new leaders to work transparently for the growth of the council. The event featured swearing-in of the new executive. 
Anambra  Women Affairs Commissioner Mezue Wades Into Alleged Maltreatment, Suppression Of Nonagenarian Widow At Umunze, Orumba South Council Area
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-01-29 07:38:25CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue has visited the Nwafor family of Imeohia, Ururo, Umunze, Orumba South Local Government Area, where a bungalow being erected by a stepson for his ninety-eight-year-old stepmom was reportedly pulled down by other stepsons and their accomplices. The visit followed a directive by the state government to immediately intervene in the issue, to ascertain the reasons for such heinous action and seek timely solution. Correspondent Dan Ezeigwe reports that just over a week ago, social media was awash with gory scenes showing images of a broken-down house which had gone as far as roofing stage. Other  footages showed a ninety-eight-year-old widow wailing in deep grief   while concerned relatives and friends were trying to console her. The reported stories accompanying the footages attracted reactions from social media users and concerned observers who appealed to relevant authorities to ensure that justice is rightly served. According to the family's history, the late Nwafor Okoro was married to three wives. It is the son of the third wife, Mr. Linus Nwafor, whose late mother had lived together with the second wife, in a thatched house given to them by their late husband, that decided to build a new house for his stepmother, who took care of him and his siblings when their mother died. The second wife, Mrs. Veronica Nwafor, is left with just her married daughter, whom she has been living with for over thirteen years having also lost her only son. However, weeks after the four-room bungalow begun, getting to approximately sixty percent completion, the irate sons of the first wife, numbering three, aided by their mother and other assailants, pulled down a large portion of the house, on the grounds, according to kinsmen, that the widow has no right of residence in the said vicinity given that she has no son.   The accused, Emmanuel, Izuchukwu, Chidiebere Nwafor and their mother, Helen Nwafor, were at large, though one of them is currently cooling off at Zone 13 of the Nigerian Police Headquarters, Ukpo, Dunukofia Local Government Area. Giving details of the incident, Mr. Linus Nwafor, the son of the third wife erecting the structure for the nonagenarian stepmother, said that his stepbrothers had threatened his life and to pull down the house if he ever attempted to embark on it, but he appealed to them to seek customary approach to the matter,  assuring them that at the end, if it is proven that the woman has no right of residence in her husband's house, he would leave the house for them. He appealed to the government to wade into the issue, stating that his intention is to give the stepmom a befitting home  to retire peacefully in her own abode. The chairman of the kindred, Mr. Chinedu Onyejeka, in his testimony, said that the family's issue had been brought up in their meetings, adding that the widow had called him countlessly to say that since his stepson had been the only one looking after her since she took ill more than thirteen years ago, she was giving everything she had to him in the event of her demise. In an interview, the Commissioner, Lady Ndidi , described the incident as barbaric, but pledged that the state government has already taken over the case, and would give thorough justice to it. She said that Governor Willie Obiano had already given directive that the project be continued with immediate effect, noting that the ministry is seriously engaging grassroots women monitors scattered across all the communities in Anambra State, to monitor related issues and report back to the ministry for onward intervention. The team later visited Zone 13 Police Headquarters, Ukpo, where one of the culprits is held. The Transition Committee Chairman of Orumba North, Mrs. Ify Obinabo and that of Orumba South, Chief Cyprian Okereke, were also among the entourage. 
U.S Embassy Launches Technology Entrepreneurship Programme For Girls In Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-29 07:33:05CategoriesNigeria The Public Affairs Section of the U.S. Embassy Abuja has launched a three-month Technology Entrepreneurship Programme, Mobile Application Building, for in- school and out of school girls.
The global technology entrepreneurship programme-Technovation for young women and girls between the ages of eight and eighteen years, is designed to infuse curiosity and bridge the gender gap in technology with the quest to inspire more girls to pursue study and careers in Science, Technology, Engineering, Art and Mathematics or STEAM.

The Assistant Cultural Affairs Officer,  U.S embassy,  Peter Burba, said the programme has been in existence since 2013 and will assist young girls learn skills that will help them later in life.
He noted that the world is becoming technology driven and women are lagging behind hence the need to educate the women who are often under represented adding that at the end of the programme,  the participants will have better opportunity to create employment for fellow young people in Nigeria.

The Technovation Northern Ambassador,  Engineer Stella Uzochukwu, gave insight into the programme which she said provides challenge based technology and engineering education for undeserved children to create peace, solve problems in health, education, environment among others.
According to her, the programme is in three categories - beginners for eight to twelve years, Junior for ages thirteen to fifteen while the senior category is for those aged sixteen to eighteen and they are all expected to identify a problem in society to solve, using technology.

For a technovation alumni, Mariam Bello, though she did not win the competition, she learnt a lot and hopes to use it to fight cybersecurity, get rid of unemployment,  poverty and crime in Nigeria as well as be a mentor to other girls.
Some participants,  Paula Onuoha, and Chioma Obiora are looking forward to building their capacities and assisting in building resilient communities.
It is an intensive 50-hour duration program where teams of young girls work together to imagine, design, and develop mobile app solutions to problems affecting their local communities in line with the Social Development Goals, SDDs, which will thereafter be pitched as “start-up” businesses to investors.
Commentary: Reviewing Soludo`s Transition Committee
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-28 07:24:21CategoriesColumnist Last November, Anambra voters elected a vibrant and young academic to replace a banker, Governor Willie Obiano, at the Government House, Awka. In a bid to hit the ground running, the governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, has impaneled a mega transition committee with hot-headed Oby Ezekwesili, leading.
Anambra State has had its fair share of good and bad governance from the beginning. It is also blessed to have had men and women of letters at the helm of affairs. Anambra's first civilian governor, Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife, is a Harvard-trained Economist. The second, Chinwoke Mbadinuju, is also a PhD holder from Cornell University. The next was a medical doctor trained at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, UNN. Then, followed another UNN-trained philosopher and Onitsha trader, Peter Obi, and now the renowned banker and administrator per excellence, Chief Willie Obiano.
From the incumbent Governor Obiano, the baton is to be passed on to Professor Soludo, a UNN-trained Economist, and former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria. From the foregoing, it can be said that Anambra has not been lacking well-educated men and women.
So, wherever there is a failure of governance, it is not due to a shortage of learned men lettered in various disciplines and fields of endeavour. This amply demonstrates that governance largely derives not from the academics of office holders but more from their levels of commitment and focus, plus numerous other man-made factors.
Anambra means a lot to many people, depending on where you are and what you are looking for at a time. For Ndigbo, Anambra is the business hub of Igbo land. It has the largest industrial cluster in the region and has several billionaires, more than any state outside Lagos.
Politically, Anambra is the melting pot of the South East. If Anambra coughs politically and in business, the entire South East catches a cold. It is a state of history and is not suffering the scarcity of iconic personages. It is home to the first President of Nigeria, later Owelle of Onitsha, Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe. It is home to the Biafra hero, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu, the Ikemba Nnewi. Two former presidents of the Senate Abyssinia Akweke Nwafor-Orizu, and Dr Chuba Okadigbo, two former Speakers of the House of Representatives, Edwin Umezeoke and Agunwa Anekwe, the former Vice President, Dr Alex Ekwueme, are all Anambrarians.
On the religious side, the man who almost became the first black Pope of the Catholic Church, Cardinal Francis Arinze is also from Anambra and remains the youngest African ever ordained a Catholic Bishop. Anambra equally produced a near Saint, Blessed Iwene Tansi.
Philip Emeagwali, the computer guru in the US, is also Onye Anambra, the late iconic writer, Prof Chinua Achebe, was also from here, ditto the reigning global literary lady, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie. The one-time richest man in West Africa, Odumegwu Ojukwu, the father of the Biafra leader Emeka, was also from Anambra. Not to talk of the new generations in Anambra State today, the Innosons and the Ibetos who are at the forefront of the unfolding industrial revolution on these shores. The list is endless.
Last week, the local media space was awash with names of about 80 Igbo personalities from all walks of life and across party lines, from different states and backgrounds raised by the Anambra governor-elect, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, to serve in his transition committee.
There is no doubt that Prof Soludo is familiar with noble ideas. The CBN bank reforms under him readily come to mind. All eyes are therefore on Anambra State to see what kind of reform Prof Soludo will bring to the table now that he is going to enjoy the executive position. He is sure going to think outside the box.
Suffice it to say that the success of Soludo in the South East will have a far-reaching effect on governance in the state in particular and Nigeria at large. A committee chaired by a former Vice President of the World Bank and former Minister of Education, Obiageli Ezekwesili, who is also associated with great ideas along with other hotheads of international repute like Prof Osita Ogbu should be able to bring ideas that will help Soludo make the expected difference. Let’s therefore cooperate with the team to come out with the best.
God, bless Anambra State, the light of the nation.
WRITTEN BY IKE ABONYI 
Anambra House Of Assembly Renews Tenure Of Local Government Transition Committee Chairmen
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2022-01-28 07:22:20CategoriesState Anambra State House of Assembly has renewed the tenure of the twenty one Local government Transition committee chairmen in the state for another three months. The House extended their tenure in line with section 208 of the local government law as requested by Governor Willie Obiano during plenary. Addressing the Local government chairmen after extension of their tenure, the Speaker of Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor charged them to continue to work with the House and Governor Willie Obiano to attract dividends of democracy to their various local government areas. 
AFAN Anambra Chapter Inaugurates New Executive In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2022-01-28 07:19:36CategoriesState Anambra State Chapter of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria AFAN has inaugurated a seventeen-man executive to pilot its affairs. The seventeen-man executive has Mr. Felix Okelue as Chairman, Mr. Emmanuel Edumani Vice Chairman, Elder Ephraim Anonnachukwu Secretary, Reverend Sister Mary Aboekwe Assistant Secretary and Stephen Nduaguba Treasurer. Inaugurating the Executive, the National Secretary of All Farmers Association, of Nigeria Alhaji Yunusa Halidu, said the federal government has good plans for Nigerian farmers, because of the important role they play in the country just as he urged the State All Farmers Association of Nigeria to remain focused. South-East representative of the association, Chief Obi Nwokwu urged the farmers to group themselves into clusters and register with the association to have one voice that will address their problems before appropriate authority with a view to solving all issues for the growth of the state farmers. Responding State Chairman, Mr. Felix Okelue  said that the inauguration is apt as the new executive will continue to champion the course and vision of the federal government down to the States and local government areas in the country. The All Farmers Association of Nigeria is an umbrella body of all the fifty-six recognized commodity associations with branches and structures in all the thirty-six States of the federation. 
FRSC In Anambra Intensifies Measures Towards Accident Reduction On Roads
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-01-28 07:14:36CategoriesState Anambra State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Commission, Mr Adeoye Irelewuyi, says the Command will remodel its approach towards accident reduction in Anambra State this year. Mr Irelewuyi who disclosed this while discussing preparations of the Command for 2022, said that monitoring will be raised on the installation of speed limiting devices on commercial vehicles while radar guns will also be deployed to detect vehicles running above the prescribed speed. He also said that a new approach will be adopted to monitor minimum safety standards, especially for heavy duty trucks and articulated lorries, with heavy sanctions awaiting defaulting drivers. Mr Adeoye Irelewuyi said that though the Command had its fair share of setbacks last year, which affected both enforcement and relationships with the public, strategic collaboration with other agencies helped it to achieve massive results. He sought the cooperation of all road users, remarking that achieving traffic excellence is a collective ambition of both the Federal Road Safety Commission and the public. 
Training For Anambra Local Announcers Ends In Awka 
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2022-01-28 07:12:18CategoriesState Anambra State Ministry of Health and the Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency, in collaboration with the Saving One Million Lives, have organized a training programme for Anambra State local Announcers. The event which took place at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Center Awka, brought together local announcers from various communities in Anambra State. Onyinye Agubaeze was there and reports that while addressing the local announcers on effective communication, Mrs Uju  Onwuegbuzina, Anambra State Health Co-ordinator, stated that as announcers, information passed should be clear enough to attract meaningful feedbacks. Mrs. Onwuegbuzina also advised that when announcement letters are distributed, they should be read without additional statements to ensure that the correct information is conveyed. For Dr. Obiageli Uchebo, the programme, manager for the Saving One Million Lives Programme at the State Ministry of Health, based on surveys gathered from the Saving One Million Lives Programme, it was discovered that most health-related announcements do not reach the people at the grassroots level. While appreciating the local announcers for their massive turnout, Dr Uchebo, also noted that the training seeks to partner with the local announcers and educate them on the importance of health announcement so people can hear. In their separate remarks, some participants, Mrs Azuka Ikesinachi and Mr Samuel Obinwune, local announcers from Nnewi South and Akwaeze respectively appreciated the organizers for the knowledge garnered and solicited government assistance so they can effectively carry out their duties. 
Governor Obiano Inaugurates Ultra - modern Hostel At Archbishop  Heerey Technical College Ogidi
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-28 07:09:54CategoriesState Anambra State Government has commissioned an ultra-modern Hostel at Archbishop Heerey Technical College, Ogidi, Idemili North Council Area.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that Governor Willie Obiano performed the ceremony during a visit to the college which was witnessed by some stakeholders in the state.   The building has four sitting areas on each floor, seven hundred and fifty bedded capacity living areas, fifteen toilets and fifteen bathrooms, solar powered  borehole and ten thousand liters water tanks, among others. Inaugurating the project, Governor Obiano who revealed that the hostel has the capacity to accommodate all their students said the smart Hostel is one of the innovative plans of his administration to ensure that students get used to such facilities, even outside their immediate environment.   While stating that his administration was able to secure approval from the technical board for twenty-eight trade tests, the Governor explained that his administration deliberately focused on technical education, to equip Anambra students with relevant skills to be self-reliant and productive. In her speech, the Commissioner For Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha who said that the project is in keeping with the present administration's strategic objective in the Education sector, pointed out that it is one of the Governor's legacies and enumerating other outstanding legacies in the Education sector to include the ten shared values, entrepreneurship through education for employment, outstanding performances in external examinations,  human capital development, promotion of teachers to level sixteen , zero-tolerance for examination malpractice, robotics education, among others, which she said are geared towards making Anambra students achieve global competitiveness. Earlier, the Principal of the school, Reverend Father Peter Nwadimkpa, described the project as commendable vision and thanked the governor for giving immense support to education and enumerated some achievements of their technical department to include first NABTEB examination with no record of failure and NBTE standard functional production unit, among others. Speaking to the ABS, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Political Matters, Barrister Ifeatu Obiokoye who hails from Ogidi, praised the Governor for bringing rounded development to the doorstep of the common man. In attendance were some members of the state executive council including Chief of Staff to the Governor, Mr. Primus Odili, Secretary to Anambra State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, Ndi Ichie Ogidi, among others. 
Airpeace Airlines Land Embraer 195 - E2 Aircraft  At Anambra International Cargo Passenger Airport Umueri
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-28 07:04:43CategoriesState Airpeace Airlines, one of the frontline carriers in Nigeria, owned and operated by Anambra-born Chief Allen Onyema has landed Embraer 195, E2 aircraft from Lagos at Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri.   This followed the approval by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) for the airport to operate Boeing 737-700 aircraft or its equivalent.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana  reports that Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano was at the airport  to witness the flight debut accompanied by members of the state executive council and others. The plane landed at exactly thirteen minutes past one in the afternoon with one hundred and ninety-five passengers from Lagos.   The Governor who expressed satisfaction that the airport is gradually being upgraded to its class, called on people to patronise the facility which he said is first class.   The pilot of the aircraft, Captain Isimhenmhen Eghonghon commended the Governor for the magnitude of the project, pointing out that the runway is smooth as well as other facilities which he tested. The traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka applauded the present administration for the airport which he noted was achieved in a record time.   Another Embraer 195 E2 aircraft from Abuja also landed at the airport. 
Members Of NUJ Anambra Chapter Insist On Council's Election Today
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2022-01-28 06:55:10CategoriesState Members of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Anambra state Council have unanimously insisted that the council's 2022 election should hold today as earlier scheduled.   Members of the union reached the agreement during an emergency congress organized by the incumbent executive of the state Council in collaboration with the NUJ Anambra state 2022 Election Credentials Committee, at the state NUJ Secretariat in Awka, in response to a letter from the national arm of the union which is demanding for indefinite pause on the election which was slated to hold today being the 28th of January, 2022. Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the said letter from the national body of the union also demands for the submission of some documents from the state council.   Speaking at the Congress, the Acting Chairman of the Anambra state NUJ, Comrade Francis Ekpone who regretted the recent development around the council's election, asked members of the council to support the motion for election to hold by standing up and raising their hands in which majority threw in their support and he harped on the need for all members to stand by the credentials committee to elect new executive members during the exercise to pilot the affairs of the council. On his part, the Chairman Anambra state NUJ 2022 Credential Committee, Sir Victor Agusiobo reminded members of the union that what is at stake is the soul of the union, and asked them to come out enmass to vote candidates of their choice, as he assured that the election will hold as slated.   The meeting also featured presentation of manifestoes by the contestants in the election, including two of the Chairmanship Candidates, Dr Odogwu Emeka Odogwu, and Comrade Sir Abuchi Onwumelu, as well as two Vice Chairmanship Candidates, Comrade Ngozi Obileri of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, and Lady Beatrice Onuchukwu-Ikwueme, during which they told members of the union their plans for the council if elected. Members of the union were also given opportunity to ask questions and make contributions on issues surrounding the election, and on how the aspirants would move the Anambra NUJ forward if elected. 
Anambra Information Commissioner Adinuba Presents Handover Documents To Transition Committee Sub - Task Team In Awka
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-01-28 06:51:36CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C-Don Adinuba has formally presented handover documents to members of sub-task team of the transition committee recently set up by Governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo.   The sub-task team comprising members from team six and seven, is also handling officials from the Ministries of Justice, Culture and Diaspora Affairs.   Correspondent Dan Ezeigwe  reports that members of the team include the Anambra State Secretary of All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Barrister Tony Ifeanya, Mr Odera Ozoka and Barrister Chinyere Ossy-Okoye. The handover documents are a compilation of  signed papers from Heads of Ministries, Departments and Agencies under the Ministry of Information and Public Enlightenment.   The documents detailed  information of activities of the designated MDAs, ranging from day-to-day activities, and priority areas as well as outlines of the key points of the roles, a clear outline of what is expected of successors, essential files including contracts, financial documents, or work programs, among others.   Anambra State Ministry of Information and Public Enlightenment supervises the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Anambra Newspapers Printing Corporation, producers of National Light Newspapers, Anambra State Library Services, Anambra State Signage and Advertisement Agency and Government House Press, among others. In his presentation before the committee, Mr Adinuba said that as the chief image manager and conflict management unit of the state, the ministry alongside its subordinate units has carefully spearheaded strategic information management to protect and publicize the national and global image of Anambra State.   Mr Adinuba who commended members of the team for being professional in their jobs, said that he believes that Professor Soludo's transitional model represents his desire to work and consolidate the development of the State.   In an interview, Barrister Ifeanya, a member of the sub-task team, said that the process has been friendly and transparent, emphasizing that notes have already been taken from the presentations on areas of critical issues and what the incoming administration must take cognizance of.   The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ABS, Dr Uche Nworah, his National Light counterpart, Sir Chuka Nnabuife, and Heads of other MDAs under the ministry, were present at the event. 
India, Nigeria To Deepen  Bilateral Relations For Economic Growth
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-28 06:48:03CategoriesNigeria For there to be a strong foreign investment that will create jobs, wealth and develop the investment landscape in Nigeria there must be  a deep relationship that will drive better business opportunities and growth
The Acting Executive Secretary,  Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Investment Promotion Commission, NIPC, Emeka R. Offor, made this assertion at the seventy third Republic celebration of India  by the India High Commission in in Abuja.
Mr. Offor, disclosed that India is one of the twenty countries identified by the Commission as strategic to Nigeria’s economic growth owing to the similarities shared by both countries which according to him, is one of the reasons NIPC intends to and have been partnering with them.

He said the Commission went through a deligent process to identify the  twenty countries especially  India so they can begin to deepen relationship with them for the purpose of developing an investment promotion arrangement that can attract investors from India to Nigeria and also assist Nigerians who want to invest in India to do so.
.
According to him, the recently launched development plan for Nigeria shows that about three hundred and forty eight trillion naira is required for the purpose of advancing Nigeria's economic development and about eighty percent of that investment is expected to come from the private sector.
He described ICT as one of the sectors that remained alive during the pandemic hence they are regarded as winners because a lot of things can be done using technology to move away from the challenges posed by infrastructure and has led to his according tractions in areas such as ICT, e-commerce, health-tech, agri-tech among others.

The Acting Executive Secretary, revealed that they intend to hold sector specific events in those areas to highlight Nigeria investors to look at opportunities in those areas and we are leveraging in this relationship we have with India to attract as many attraction as possible to Nigeria's ICT space from India.
Earlier, the Acting High Commissioner of India to Nigeria, Velagaleti Surrendra, who had delivered the message of the president of India to the people, described  Nigeria as the largest trading partner for his country in the African region hence a great energy partner for India
According to him, investment is strong in Nigeria and India has various companies in all sectors adding that there is potential for more collaboration between the two countries because the Indian companies are in Nigeria. to be a part of her growth and success story.
He claimed that Indians are the largest employers of labour in Nigeria after the federal government saying that their investors will want to remain in the country to help support the Nigerian economy especially as they are looking to deepen collaboration on renewable energy which will be great opportunity for both countries since solar is in high demands now.
The seventy third Republic day celebration which had in attendance,  members of the India community, and representatives of top government functionaries and organisations including the Minister of foreign Affairs,  Geoffrey Onyeama, represented by a Director in the ministry,  Ambassador Yahaya Faruk commenced with the unfurling of India's national flag and singing of the National Anthem.
Commentary: US Embassy`s Description Of Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-27 07:29:02CategoriesNigeria On its website, the United State Embassy, in a piece of information meant for Americans intending to visit Nigeria, describes the country in very unflattering terms. It harps on two major albatrosses, namely crude infrastructure and poor security. Anyone familiar with the Nigerian terrain knows full well that its performance in these two areas is horrendously low. The embassy says so quite unapologetically.
For instance, on health, the embassy confirms that Nigeria has well-trained health professionals but lacks good health facilities. It particularly notes that many medicines are unavailable, including medications for diabetes and hypertension. It says that medicine should be purchased with utmost caution because counterfeit pharmaceuticals are a common problem and distinguishing them from genuine medications may prove difficult.
The expose also says that Nigerian hospitals often expect immediate cash payments for the health services rendered. It thumbs down the emergency health services in the country, saying that they are practically non-existent, and circumscribed by unreliable and unsafe blood supply for transfusion.
It then counsels intending visitors to Nigeria to consider Europe, South Africa or the United States itself for treatments that require such services. It notes, quite sadly, that “ambulance services are not present in the country or are unreliable in most areas”.
The embassy’s observations and comments on water supply in Nigeria are instructive. As it notes, “most areas (in Nigeria) do not have safe tap water.” This is specifically unnerving since pipes, most of them rusted, typically bear water for public consumption from moribund reservoirs in Nigeria.
By the World Health Organisation (WHO) standards, the approved lifespan of water pipes is five years. Sadly, these pipes have hardly ever been replaced since they were laid decades ago, so it is proper to consider pipe-borne water wherever it exists in the country as unsafe. It is clear that even ice blocks brewed from such unsafe sources are not to be trusted for human consumption. In the areas of roads and safe traffic, the embassy is right on the money in its submission that “most roads are in poor condition, causing damage to vehicles and contributing to hazardous traffic conditions”.
It also berates the public transport system, describing it as unsafe throughout the country. According to it, “public transportation vehicles such as buses and motorbikes are unsafe due to poor maintenance, high speed and overcrowding.”
Sadly, it is not certain that governments across the country have ever considered the import of this damning description on the US website, otherwise they would have taken concrete steps to make the country a truly modern society. The import of the description is that governance in the country has been held in abeyance over the years.
As a matter of fact, this expose throws cold water on the expectations of tourists and other potential investors in the country. It is simply delusional for the government to claim to be in search of foreign direct investment from anywhere in the face of primitive infrastructure, particularly when there is no sign that efforts to change this narrative are in place.
Obviously, the US embassy’s description of Nigeria should be seen as a call to action by the country’s leadership. They should pull out of the morass of self-delusion: things are not working in the country. On their part, Nigerians must take the task of removing the country’s depraved and utterly corrupt politicians from office through the ballot box much more seriously. No truly serious country can be described in the manner that the US embassy has done with Nigeria.
WRITTEN BY FEMI OSINUSI 
ASATU President Akpudo Extols Obiano On Infrastructural Development
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2022-01-27 07:23:47CategoriesState The President of Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU, Chief Titus Akpudo, says the massive infrastructural development put in place by Governor Willie Obiano's administration has placed the state on the International map.   He stated this in a chat with the Media in Awka. While assessing Governor Obiano’s job for the past seven years and ten months, Chief Akpudo noted that the outgoing administration has stimulated steady progress of the state having executed many developmental projects including the International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, International Convention Center, and Awka City stadium, as well as enlisting the state among the oil producing states, and many others.   The ASATU President added that the Obiano administration has redefined the process of community development through the popular Community-Choose-Your Project initiative for the one hundred and eighty-one communities in the state.   He expressed delight that Governor Obiano administration practically made Anambra to stand out among the comity of states.   Chief Akpudo a lawyer maintained that Governor Obiano's legacies are indelible, noting that the security architecture, educational and agricultural revolutions have had remarkable developmental returns.   He expressed hope that the incoming administration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo would consolidate on the programmes of the present administration, while concentrating more on road construction, carrying everyone along and creating more jobs for the teeming youths of Anambra state. 
Obiano Sustains Drive To Attract Investors To Anambra
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-27 07:19:35CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has called on the people to continue to invest in Anambra State.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that Governor Obiano made the call when he visited Stanel Facility, Every-day and Radopin Supermarkets, in Awka.   He expressed satisfaction that he is leaving Anambra State better than he met it, and encouraged more people to invest in Anambra. Governor Obiano called on Ndi Anambra in the diaspora to support the incoming governor with their investments, and assured that security will continue, long after he leaves office because the incoming administration has demonstrated commitment to the security of life and property.   While thanking God that people are embracing the think home philosophy, he said that gone are the days when people invest only outside the state, emphasizing that such support will deepen prosperity across the state.   The Governor was received by owners of the respective businesses. 
Senate Passes Bill Amending Federal College Of Education Bill
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-27 07:11:04CategoriesState The Senate has passed a bill amending the Federal Colleges of Education Act 1998.   The passage of the bill titled, A Bill for an Act to Repeal the Federal Colleges of Education Act, 1998, followed the consideration of a report by the Senate Committee on Tertiary Institutions and TETFUND.   Senator Sandy Onuh, who presented the report on behalf of the Chairman, Senator Ahmad Babba-Kaita, said the main objective of the bill is to provide a legislative framework to support the Federal Colleges of Education Act, 1998.   According to the lawmaker, it also seeks to re-enact the Federal Colleges of Education to allow for running of degree courses under the supervision of the National Universities Commission NUC.   Hitherto, most colleges in Nigeria offer degree programmes in affiliation with some universities in Nigeria to nurture career teachers with a view to augmenting shortfall of teachers and to meet learning, research, instructional and teaching needs of the prospective students in Nigeria and beyond.   Senator Onuh, said, the framework will enable the Colleges of Education in Nigeria, to offer Nigeria Certificate in Education, NCE, Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts and similar Certification in the area of its core subjects on both full and part-time basis.   He added that the legislation will bring a lasting solution to the yearnings of Nigerians in the area of Teacher Education within the context of overall national educational development agenda. 
Obiano Inaugurates Students' Hostel At Government Technical College Onitsha
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-27 07:05:38CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has commissioned an ultra-modern students' hostel at Government Technical College, Onitsha.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana was at the commissioning ceremony and reports that the seven hundred and fifty bedded facility has four open halls, fifteen toilets and fifteen bathrooms for each of the sleeping areas, solar facility for twenty-four-hour power supply, porters clutch and ten thousand liters overhead storage water tank, among others.   Performing the Commissioning ceremony, Governor Obiano recalled that when he assumed office, his cabinet resolved not  to produce only grammar students but  also teach young ones skills to make them employers of Labour. The Governor stated that eight thousand students in the twelve technical colleges in Anambra have  such facilities built by his administration.   Also speaking, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha said that the project is in line with the Governor's three-prong approach to education including infrastructure, students' and teachers' welfare, pointing out that the present administration is into education for employment where students graduate and become employers of labour.   While cautioning  against vandalizing the facility, Commissioner Omenugha tasked the school management to ensure proper  maintenance of the facility for sustainability. In speech, the Member representing Onitsha Constituency Two at the state House  of Assembly, Mr Eddy Ibuzo noted that successive APGA administrations have over time demonstrated commitment to the continuous development of Anambra state and thanked the Governor for his services and charged the students to make good use of the opportunity for their own good and good of the society. Earlier, the Principal of GTC, Onitsha, Mr. Matthias Emesi, extolled the governor for the supply and installation of laboratory equipment for Physics, Chemistry and Biology departments, equipping of seven departments with modern machines and tools for automobile, bricklaying and block laying concreting, radio and television furniture, among others and asked the incoming administration to sustain the development projects in the school. In an interview, the Transition Committee Chairman for Onitsha North Council Area, Mr. Patrick Aghamba, noting that by supporting technical education in the state, Governor Obiano has offered young people in the state a platform that will launch them into being productive in their areas of calling and specialization.   President General of Anambra State Association of Town Unions, Barrister Titus Akpudo, students, teachers, stakeholders in the education sector and Onitsha Community attended the function which featured dancing by some of the students. 
NUJ Election: Mrs Ngozi Obileri Of ABS Intensifies Campaign For VC Position, Visits UNIZIK Chapel
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-27 07:01:21CategoriesState An Anambra Broadcasting Service Journalist, Mrs. Ngozi Obileri who is vying for the Vice Chairmanship position of the Nigerian Union of Journalists, Anambra State Council, has re-assured of good governance and quality leadership if elected at the poll, tomorrow, January Twenty-Eight 2022.   Mrs Obileri gave the assurance when she visited Unizik Chapel in Awka yesterday in continuation of her campaign train to solicit for support to enable her emerge winner.   Correspondent Emmanuel Chigbata reports that Mrs Obileri, a multiple award-winning Journalist through outstanding performance and various programmes in the ABS, has helped to save victimized people, provided intervention for people who need financial help, and saved lives of people who were on the verge of death.   Presenting her manifesto, Mrs Obileri re-affirmed her readiness to bring the needed growth and rapid development in the council by working assiduously in tandem with the Journalism principles and ethics.   She assured of working harmoniously with every member of the Council and its leaders to addressing challenges facing the Union while promising to bring her wealth of experience to bear on the interest of the union.   Mrs. Obileri who was accompanied to the visit by Chidimma Ikeanyiowu and Emmanuel Chigbata of ABS, said she has the energy and full capacity to deliver, and urged the UNIZIK Chapel to support her and other good leaders that will make the face of Anambra NUJ shine.   Responding, the Chairman of UNIZIK Chapel, Dr. Henry Duru, who thanked Mrs Obileri and her team for their visit assured that the chapel would make unanimous analysis with a view of making the right decision.   Present at the event was the First Female Professor of Mass Communication in Nigeria, Professor Stella Okunna and Director UNIZIK FM Mrs Ify Obi. 
Obiano Inspects New Facilities At Anambra International Cargo And Passenger Airport Umueri
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-27 06:56:18CategoriesState Following approval by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) to Anambra State government to operate Boeing 737-700 aircraft and its equivalent at Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, Governor Willie Obiano paid an inspection visit to the facility to ensure that work is going according schedule.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that the Governor inspected some facilities being mounted including the escalators and conveyors, among others. Speaking to the press at the VIP lunge shortly after the inspection , Governor Obiano who expressed satisfaction that Ndi Anambra and others  have been traveling through the airport since it’s commissioning and explained that the upgrade implies that bigger aircrafts that can carry between three hundred and three hundred and fifty passengers per time can now land at the airport.   According to the Governor, the fire category of the airport has been upgraded from category five to category six and explained that when the fire trucks from Germany arrives, it will be further upgraded to category nine. He  said that it is the best because the DVR and ILS have been energized to guide planes, pointing out that code for the satellite landing system will soon come, after which they will commence the calibration, making Anambra Airport the only airport that have such equipment in Nigeria. While describing it as a first-class facility and the best in Africa with its good finishing and beauty, the Governor  disclosed that aviation fuel is now being sold in the airport and called on Ndi Anambra to continue to patronize the facility, assuring that soon, the lighting arrangement at the tarmac will be fully done and launched.   Recall that in a letter dated 24th January, 2022, the Airport regulator communicated the Governor about the latest upgrade of the facility based on satisfactory inspection carried out by the aerodrome safety inspectors to ascertain the readiness of the airport on the upgrade in fire cover from category five to category six. 
AIRS Opens Bid For 2022 State Revenue Windows
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-27 06:49:45CategoriesState The Chairman, Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, AIRS, Dr. David Nzekwu has announced the opening of bid windows for revenue generation into the government coffers for 2022.   At the opening of the bidding windows, Bidders' documents which were seventy-five in number were divided into lots, summed and recorded in the presence of the tenders in ensuring that they were transparent in the process. The bidders are to man and collect taxes and levies for government from parks enlisted which is about sixty in number.   While opening the bid box, Dr Nzekwu said the reason for the process was to give everyone opportunity to participate in a manner that will enable them enhance the revenue that is generated from each of the revenue areas they have bided for.   Dr Nzekwu noted that having opened the bid, they will review the documents submitted to confirm if they are in conformity with what they advertised and ensure that all the payment that is due for them is up to date, especially with the bidders up to date in tax payments and any other levies  that they are supposed to pay to government. According to him, once they have verified the documents that were submitted to them, they will announce the winners of the bid who will have forty-eight hours from the date of publication to make payment.   He noted that for any person to retain the job for next month, they would have paid by latest the twentieth of the preceding month and when they fail, they will call on the second person to make payment after they have been given a grace period. 
INEC Restates Resolve On Credible Elections In Nigeria
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-27 06:42:43CategoriesNigeria The Chairman, Independent National Electoral Commission,  INEC,  Professor Mahmood Yakubu has charged staff of the Federal Capital Territory INEC, to be mindful of their actions so the Federal Capital area council election can be used as affirmation that INEC is committed to ensuring free, fair and credible elections in Nigeria.

The Chairman who gave the charge when he visited the  FCT INEC office, to get a first hand information about the level of their preparedness towards the FCT Area council election holding on twelfth February, said, the headquarters has done all it is supposed to do for the success of the election which will produce six council chairman and sixty two Councillors
He reminded them that INEC has set the standard for conducting credible elections in Nigeria and the FCT area council election will not lower the bar hence the need to assure the electorates of their readiness to ensure an enhanced conduct of credible elections in the area council election.

Professor Yakubu said they will deploy the Biomodal Voter Accreditation System for the election adding that the configuration of the BVAS to polling units will be concluded on Friday this week, promising that as usual, they will upload the results in real time from the polling units of the four hundred and seventy five candidates nominated by seventeen political parties contesting for the sixty eight positions.
Earlier, the Resident National Electoral Commissioner, REC, for Federal Capital Territory, FCT, Alhaji Yahaya Bello promised that they would  be dedicated to ensuring the election is free, fair, transparent and inclusive of all in the Area Council.

The REC said his office had met with various stakeholders including political parties,  traditional and religious leaders as well as the Media to inform them about the series of activities which had been and are still being conducted.
Alhaji Bello, counted Party Primaries, Publication of List of Candidates, CVR Exercise which has been suspended and ongoing collection of PVCs as some of the concluded and ongoing activities.

He however lamented that about two hundred and sixty five thousand,  eight hundred sixty eight PVCs have not been collected days to the election.
Recruitment: Army Insists On Best Candidates
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-27 06:34:47CategoriesNigeria The Chief of Army Staff, COAS, Lieutenant General Faruk Yahaya, says only the best candidates who are medically and physically fit will be recruited into the Nigerian Army, NA.
The COAS gave the assurance when he visited the Nigerian Army Battle Fitness Centre, NABFC, in Falgore, Kano State, where the ongoing screening exercise for eighty two Regular Recruit Intake is being conducted.
Lieutenant General Yahaya charged the recruitment officers to leverage on the experience garnered from previous recruitment exercises to improve on the conduct of the ongoing recruitment and ensure that the goals of the exercise are not compromised.

The COAS also assured them of equipping the centre with more training aids and facilities to further enhance training at the centre.
The Director Manpower  Planning, Major General Umar Musa, while briefing the COAS, pointed out, that over three thousand,  eight hundred candidates are currently undergoing screening at the centre, adding that the main goal of the exercise is to recruit young and physically fit Nigerians to fill the manpower needs of the NA.
A statement signed by the Director Army Public Relations, Brigadier General Onyema Nwachukwu,  said the COAS also took a tour of the centre during which he inspected completed and ongoing projects at the centre as well as interacted with the candidates before leaving them with some words of encouragement.
Accompanying the  COAS during the visit included the General Officer Commanding one Division Major General Kabiru Muhktar, Chief of Administration, Army,  Major General Usman Mohammed, and a host of other top officers of the Nigeria Army.
Commentary: Assessing The Obiano Administration
AuthorIfy ObinaboDate2022-01-26 06:37:59CategoriesColumnist Before Governor Willie Obiano came on board on March 17, 2014, prominent citizens of the state such as a former governor, a former deputy governor, serving commissioners, traditional rulers, academics, entrepreneurs and topflight movie stars were being kidnapped with impunity, while armed robbers were on rampage, killing, stealing and maiming innocent person.
Consequently, many people and businesses were compelled to relocate elsewhere in the country and even abroad. Ndi Anambra living in the Diaspora were scared of coming home for the yuletide, socio-cultural and business activities because of threat of being abducted or murdered in cold blood. Many conducted traditional and cultural activities such as traditional marriages and burials at their places of abode like Lagos, Abuja and overseas.
Happily, this is no longer the case nowadays. Today, despite some cult related and politically instigated skirmishes during the 2021 governorship election, Anambra is now the safest state as confirmed by security agencies.
Secondly, before Governor Obiano came on board, no government in Nigeria contemplated a policy that takes democracy dividends down to the grassroots. He broke the jinx by introducing the "community choose your projects initiative" whereby the state government has, since 2017, been giving twenty million naira grant every year to the 181 communities in the state to execute any project of their choice.
Again, the aesthetic of Awka has been enhanced with the construction of three magnificent and flood light adorned flyovers with traffic lights. Recreation parks for relaxation have been created at strategic points in the capital, Onitsha and other parts of the state, thus, bringing back night life, while roads and bridges have been constructed. Youths have equally been empowered through job creation and political appointments. Students and pupils from Anambra state are today shining stars in national and international examinations and competitions as a result of Obiano’s Midas touch in education.
The Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, ACTDA, created by the Obiano government, has fast tracked the transformation of Awka and its environs into an ideal administrative headquarters of a modern state. Perhaps, if not for Governor Obiano, the ongoing agricultural revolution in Anambra state would not have commenced.
Today, Anambra is one of the foremost rice producers and millers in Nigeria. Anambra Rice dwarfs others in the markets. Vegetables, cassava and rice productions have improved astronomically and for export to Europe and United States of America. The state is equally doing well in livestock production of chickens, eggs, fish and Efi Igbo.
It is also a thing of joy that Anambra has the biggest and most modern oxygen production plant in the Southeast, situated at the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku, Awka. Anambra is the first state in the country to initiate and implement a health insurance scheme, popularly known as ASHIA, which has made access to medical treatment easier and very cheap for families who subscribe to it.
Another people-oriented programme of the present state government is facilitation of soft loans for micro, small and medium scale enterprises by ASBA from the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. The Anambra Small Business Agency, ASBA, did not exist in the state before the emergence of Governor Obiano. On the first of August 2020, the Presidency gave an award to the Anambra state government as the Most Supportive State Government in Nigeria for Micro, Small and Medium Scale Enterprises in the country.
None of the previous administrations in the state ever thought of providing street lights in major roads and streets across the state until Obiano began to do it successfully. Notwithstanding paucity of funds, the state government has demonstrated its responsiveness in the manner it is systematically constructing new roads and bridges in addition to rehabilitation of deplorable roads, hitherto poorly constructed across the state.
Governor Obiano’s Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umuleri commenced commercial operation on December 7, 2021, while the FIFA-standard Awka City Stadium was commissioned in December too. Another legacy project of the Obiano administration, the International Convention Centre, is nearing completion among many others.
There is no doubt that the governor has, in eight years, surpassed the achievements of virtually all his predecessors. To God be the glory.
Anambra SSG Chukwulobelu Optimistic Soludo Will Sustain  Obiano's  Legacies As Transition Committee Completes Three Day Physical Session At Agulu
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-01-26 06:35:20CategoriesState The Secretary to the Anambra State Government Professor Solo Chukwulobelu has expressed optimism that Governor Willie Obiano’s good legacies will be sustained by the incoming administration. He stated this while commending the level of commitment displayed by the members of the Combined Transition Committee for a seamless transition on March seventeenth. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that the combined transition committee inaugurated by the in-coming Governor Professor Chukwuma Soludo on twentieth January has concluded their three-day session at Golden Tulip Hotel Agulu and will continue their meeting virtually to actualize their goal which is to ensure a smooth transition from the outgoing Governor Obiano and the incoming governor Professor Soludo and also help the incoming government take off effectively. Speaking at the closing ceremony of their physical meeting the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu narrated that part of their work as combined Transition committee is to help the incoming government understand what the current administration has done and to assist it commence smoothly. The Chairperson, Dr Oby Ezekwesili in her remark said that the whole agenda is very transformational as their meetings continue virtually, noting that the combined transition Committee will help the incoming government create more access to opportunities. She expressed belief in the competence and passion of the members of the committee, stating that they will make submissions that will make Anambra experience an inclusive growth under the incoming government The incoming Governor Professor Soludo thanked the committee for their commitments to the Anambra project. He said that their work is very foundational to achieving a greater and more prosperous Anambra. Some members of the committee, including Mr Joe Anatune and Mr ThankGod Ibeh said that a smooth transition will make the work easy for the incoming government. They expressed confidence that the incoming government will resort to global best practices, due process and excellence in its dealings which they said will make Anambra more productive and prosperous. The President, Anambra State Association of Town Unions, Chief Titus Akpudo and one time representative of Idemili North and South Federal Constituency at the National Assembly, Mr Charles Odedo, Anambra State Commissioner for Housing and Urban renewal Mr Mike Okonkwo all commended the process. 
NCAA Grants Anambra International Cargo And Passenger Airport Approval For To Operate Boeing 737 - 700 Aircraft Or Equivalent
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-01-26 06:33:37CategoriesState The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) has granted Anambra state government the approval to operate Boeing 737-700 aircraft or its equivalent at Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri.   The good news was conveyed to the governor of Anambra state, Chief Willie Obiano in a letter from the agency dated twenty-fourth January, 2022. The approval was based on a satisfactory inspection carried out by aerodrome safety inspectors at the airport on the twenty-first of January, 2022 to ascertain the preparedness of the airport for the upgrade in fire cover from Cat 5 to Cat 6.   The latest approval will gladden the hearts of Ndi Anambra and others who have been flying through the airport since it’s commissioning.   A Lagos-based businessman, Mr Bobo Nkwonta, said that he is excited about the news, adding that Governor Obiano has written his name in gold.   He said he is even more elated as Airpeace airlines and United Nigeria airlines will now upgrade the planes they operate on that route to bigger aircraft. 
Obiano Decorates His  Newly Promoted ADC Eke, Tasks Police Personnel On Professionalism
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-26 06:30:40CategoriesState The Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano has enjoined all the newly promoted Police officers across the Country to be alive to their duties, impact positively on others and put in more efforts  in ensuring security.   Governor Obiano made the call at the decoration ceremony of the promoted police officer, Mr Ben Eke who is his ADC. Government House Correspondent, Ejike ABANA reports that the  event was held at the Executive Chambers, Government House, Awka.   Before his promotion as Superintendent of Police, Mr Eke was Deputy Superintendent of Police. According to the Governor, promotion comes through hard work and God’s grace encouraging other officers to put in their best, noting that Mr. Eke having been with him since 2014 has done very well with dedication . While stating that it is another milestone in the career of SP Eke, Anambra State Police Commissioner, CP Echeng Echeng said that it is another step in the future of the leadership of the Nigeria Police, expressing joy that he was elevated at the time they have a clear vision from the Inspector General assuring him that enablements  will be granted to him. Responding, SP Eke thanked the Inspector General of Police and the Police Service Commission for finding him worthy of the promotion. Anambra State Service Commanders, members of the State Executive Council, Principal Secretary to the Governor, Sir Willie Nwokoye, National President of Anambra State Association of Town Union, Barrister Titus Akpudo, friends and well-wishers, attended the brief event. 
INEC Approves Resumption Of CVR In Anambra
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2022-01-26 06:26:06CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has approved the resumption of Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise in Anambra State beginning from Tuesday, January 25, 2022.   The Anambra State Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr Nkwachukwu Orji, who made the announcement while addressing the media in Awka, said that the resumption of the exercise which was temporarily suspended prior to the Anambra governorship poll in November, 2021, would offer eligible but unregistered voters opportunity to get registered.   Dr Orji said that the exercise would also help already registered voters to transfer and or update their registration, adding that voters would also collect their Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) during the period.   Outlining the modalities for the exercise, Dr Orji said that the registration, which could be done online or in-person, would take place at the State and local government area offices of the Commission in Anambra State, between nine o’clock in the morning and three o’clock in the afternoon daily, excluding weekends and public holidays.   He further warned against registration by proxy, or multiple registration, stressing that while all registration must be done in public space and observed by accredited observers and made it clear that registration is prerequisite for voting in elections.   Dr Orji also announced that the Commission is at the verge of completing election reverse logistics for the November 2021 governorship poll in Anambra State, with sustained progress in the renumeration of adhoc staff that worked during the election.   The Anambra INEC boss urged the public, and particularly, those that serve as adhoc staff to see the Commission's property as national asset, and therefore treat them with due care and responsibility. 
Akụ Lụọ Ụlọ Policy: Obiano Tours Some Investment Facilities In Awka
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-26 06:24:05CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano's Aku Luo Uno Policy has continued to yield desired dividends.   The policy has no doubt attracted and birthed many investments into the Anambra economy.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that Governor Obiano conducted a work tour of some of such facilities including Stanel Facility, Everyday Supermarket and Radopin Supermarket, all in Awka. The present administration's strategic policies attracted foreign and local investments across the length and breadth of Anambra State and encouraged Ndị Anambra to respond to think home philosophy.   Expressing satisfaction that he is leaving Anambra better than he met it, Governor Obiano encouraged more people to invest in the state . He called on Ndi Anambra in the diaspora to support the incoming governor with their investments, and assured that effective security will  be sustained , long after he leaves office because the incoming administration has demonstrated commitment to the security of life and property. While thanking God that people are embracing the think home philosophy, he said that gone are the days when people invest only outside the state, emphasizing that such support will deepen prosperity across the state. The Governor was received by owners of the respective businesses. 
ASHIA Executive Secretary Onyemaechi Holds Interactive Meeting With WDCs, Officers In Charge Of PHCs On National Basic Health Care Provision Fund In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-26 06:19:45CategoriesState The Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi, has urged Ward Development Chairmen, WDC’s, and Officers in charge of various Primary Health Care Centres in the State, to ensure that Ndi Anambra benefit maximally from the implementation of the National Basic Healthcare Provision Fund.   Dr. Onyemaechi made this known during an interactive meeting with the Ward Development Chairmen and Officers in charge of PHC's, held at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre Awka.   Addressing the participants, Dr. Onyemaechi noted that the aim of the National Basic Healthcare Provision Fund which was attracted by the Governor Willie Obiano administration is aimed at giving affordable healthcare services to the vulnerable Ndi Anambra. Dr. Onyemaechi who is also the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Health, said the agency discovered that the rate at which the beneficiaries of the scheme in the State access the services are declining, hence the meeting, and asked the participants to do more sensitization to ensure that Ndi Anambra benefit optimally in the scheme which is free.   The ASHIA boss made it clear that they registered eighty-five persons per political ward in the State which brings the number of beneficiaries to over twenty-eight thousand people and thanked Governor Obiano for attracting the scheme in Anambra state.   Earlier, the Executive Secretary, Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Dr. Chioma Ezenyimulu, represented by Dr. Nnamdi Uliagbafusi, urged both the WDC's and IOCs to ensure full utilization of the money being given to them for the treatment of poor and vulnerable Ndi Anambra.   Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that the meeting climaxed with a question-and-answer session. 
APBN Lauds Anambra International Cargo And Passenger Airport Umueri, Scores Obiano High
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-26 06:17:27CategoriesState The Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor says Governor Willie Obiano led administration has delivered dividends of democracy including infrastructural development to the door steps of Ndi Anambra.   Engineer Ifejiofor stated this at the International Passenger and Cargo Airport, Umueri when the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria (APBN) Anambra State Chapter, paid him a courtesy call for the sterling work done at the Airport. He noted that with the building of the State Airport, Governor Willie Obiano has placed the name of the state in the global map noting that the Airport has  the best features pointing out that the control tower and runways are second to none in the country.   Engineer Ifejiofor commended his team for the roles played for the successful kick-off of the airport adding that they welcomed both private and presidential jets and over five thousand passengers who have landed at  the airport and thanked  the Professional Bodies for the honour done him. Earlier in his speech, the Chairman, Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria, Dr Joakin Ulasi said having constructed the airport with the state of the arts equipment within few months, the professional bodies decided to come and encourage the Commissioner for all the wonderful work executed as a professional stating that Governor Willie Obiano has come, saw and delivered which no other governor since the state creation has done.   In his remarks, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of works, Mr Emeka Ohuoha extolled Engineer Ifejiofor for the team spirit and zeal put into the work and thanked  the Professional Bodies for certifying the work the best so far Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that the group presented him a plaque for successful work in the Airport. 
National Immunisation Plus Days Against Polio Commences In Anambra Saturday This Week
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2022-01-26 06:13:30CategoriesHealth State Anambra State Government says it is committed to the task of protecting the children of the State from polio virus and contribute in sustaining the polio free status of the country.   The Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala  stated this during a press briefing organized by the Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency ahead of the National Immunization Plus Days against Polio which will begin on Saturday January 29, 2022 until Tuesday February 1, 2022.   Correspondent, David Okpokwasili reports that while speaking at the media briefing held at the Jerome Udorji State Secretariat Awka, the Health Commissioner assured that no Anambra Child will be missed as the effort is to protect them from the ravaging impact of polio virus. According to him, polio virus has no cure, causes lifelong paralysis and may lead to death in some cases, stating that the only solution against the disease is to give children two drops of the oral polio vaccine to protect them from the viral disease.   Dr Okpala explained that the vaccine is even more important at this time when three hundred and ninety-five cases of the Circulating Mutant Poliovirus type two have been reported across twenty-seven states and the Federal Capital Territory which were caused by immunity gaps in children.   The Health Commissioner said that those eligible for the Immunization are Children between zero to fifty-nine months irrespective of previous immunization status while outlining that other antigens that will be given according to schedule and status include HBV 0, BCG, Inactivated Polio Vaccine, Pentavalent vaccine, Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (PCV), Measles vaccine, Yellow fever vaccine, Meningitis vaccine, Vitamin A Supplementation, and  Tetanus Diphtheria which will be administered to  pregnant women and women of child bearing age.   Earlier in an opening remark, the Executive Secretary, Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Chioma Ezenyimulu said that every child is targeted to be reached in the exercise and remphasized that no child is missed.   In their separate goodwill messages, a representative of National Primary Healthcare Development Agency, Mr Obiora Agbakwuru and the Cluster Consultant of World Health Organization in Anambra State, Mrs Uju Orjiagu assured of the continued support of their agencies to the state government, saying the effective model which the state government has adopted in its Immunization strategy is commendable and should be adopted by other states while they also asked the media to continue to support in the effort to reach every child with the vaccine.   The National Immunization Plus Days is themed "Keep Polio at Zero." 
Anambra State Assembly  Passes Bill For Law To Manage Fund Accruing To The House From Consolidated Revenue Fund 
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2022-01-26 06:10:45CategoriesState The  Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill for a law to provide for the management of funds accruing to the Anambra State House of Assembly from the consolidated revenue fund of the state.   The bill was passed during yesterday’s plenary.   According to the Majority Leader, Dr. Nnamdi Okafor, the bill seeks to provide for the management of funds accruing to the State House of Assembly from the Consolidated Revenue Fund of the State in order to ensure accountability, transparency, effectiveness and efficiency in the utilization of the funds. At committee of the whole, the House deleted section fifteen:one of the bill which stipulates that the Chairman of the Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Finance and Appropriation not be allowed as a member of the state Account Allocation Committee and as well amended section seventeen subsection four of the bill.   Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor read out the bill to the House, while the lawmakers supported it through a voice vote. 
ABS Film Village is on course for February 2022 completion…says Nworah, ABS MD/CEO
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-25 06:06:51CategoriesState The ABS Film Village will be completed as planned by February 2022. This was disclosed today by the MD/CEO of Anambra Broadcasting Service (ABS), Chief Uche Nworah, Ph.D after inspecting ongoing construction at the site today, Monday, 24th January, 2022.
The ABS Film Village is a partnership project with Alkebulan Productions. When completed, the Film Village will be available for rental to film makers, and will also serve as production hub for students of the ABS Film Academy. It will also serve as a tourist attraction and cultural centre, while students can also come on excursion.

The ABS Film Village is themed as a rural village. It has several mud houses, obi, artificial stream as well as a rural market.
According to Chief Dr. Nworah, “When completed, film makers don’t have to go scouting for locations to shoot epic movies anymore or inconvenience people living in the villages to vacate their homes so they can shoot their movies. The ABS Film Village is a purpose-built, one-stop shop that can serve multiple purposes for film makers. It is the first of its kind in the South East”.

NAFDAC Stops Registration Of Alcohol In Sachets, Pet, Small Glass Bottles
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-25 06:03:16CategoriesNigeria The National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control, NAFDAC, has stopped the registration of alcohol in sachet, small volume PET and glass bottles below two hundred mills amidst other stringent regulatory measures in a decisive move to reduce availability and curb abuse of alcohol in the country. The director-general of NAFDAC, Professor Mojisola Adeyeye, who dropped the hint at Abuja said registration of new alcoholic drinks in Sachet and Small volume PET and Glass bottles above thirty percent Alcohol By Volume, ABV, has been banned by NAFDAC following the recommendation of a high powered Committee of the Federal Ministry of Health and NAFDAC on one hand, Federal Competition and Consumer Protection Commission, FCCPC, and Industry represented by Association of Food, Beverages and Tobacco Employers, AFBTE, Distillers and Blenders Association of Nigeria, DIBAN, in December 2018. Professor Adeyeye said the Agency will ensure that validity of renewal of already registered alcoholic products in the affected category will not exceed year 2024. He explained that manufacturers of low volume alcohol beverages with satisfactory Laboratory reports, which were already submitted to NAFDAC for registration before this decision, have been directed to reformulate their products to stipulated standards free of charge. 
Election is over in Anambra; it is time to end Disinformation - Anambra State Government advises Politicians
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2022-01-25 06:02:13CategoriesState Anambra State has decried the disinformation campaign against the government which has continued more than two months after the November 6 2021 gubernatorial election in the state.   A statement by the state Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, provided instances of disinformation which, he explained, are designed to “de-market the state, create trust deficit between the people and the government and manufacture a friction between the outgoing administration of Governor Willie Obiano and the incoming administration of Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo.   “The latest instance is the sponsored false report on the social media that the Obiano administration budgeted a whopping N500m for the Professor Soludo inauguration on March 17 which the governor-elect rejected and rather opted for a N20m ceremony.   “None of the figures bandied about has any iota of truth, as the governor never prepared a budget which Professor Soludo could have possibly accepted or rejected.   “More embarrassing is the allegation that the governor-elect wants an inauguration ceremony which cannot cost more than N20m.   “Professor Soludo, who is determined to run a frugal administration, wants a most modest inauguration which will last a couple of minutes in front of Government House, Awka, and cannot cost anything near one million naira (N1m).   “Soludo’s decision has been conveyed to Governor Obiano who is delighted that his successor, whom he supported every inch of the way in his gubernatorial quest in the last few years, is resolved to run a lean administration so as to save money for Anambra people.   “Governor Obiano has always stated publicly that he chose to back Professor Obiano on account of his outstanding brilliance, robust performance record, solid commitment to the public good and acute preparedness to transform the state within a short period.   “Therefore, all the concocted reports about a fight between him and the governor-elect are baseless”.   Commissioner Adinuba also commented on claims in the media last week that his absence and that of Governor Obiano at the inauguration of the Transition Committee led by Dr Oby Ezekwesili, a former World Bank vice president, was an indication of a rift between Obiano and Soludo.   “The only reporter who filed this report, which went viral, obviously took fiction too far, even by standards of sensational journalism, and ended up embarrassing his colleagues who were at the venue and provided accurate reports of the proceedings.   “Words I never used were ascribed to me and the point I was making about not being a member of the committee was taken out of context to fit into a narrative of a split.   “Of course, Chief Obiano was not scheduled to attend the inauguration, as a large and competent government delegation led by the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, was at the venue.   “The SSG, commissioners, special advisers and heads of various agencies have since been providing all necessary facilities and information to the Transition Committee needed for a smooth handover.”   The commissioner stated fictitious reports, sponsored by politically exposed individuals who lost out badly in the November gubernatorial vote, are meant to damage the state’s reputation.   “It is regrettable that even Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, which saw a phenomenal 3865 passengers and 145 flights in the first month of commercial flight operations which started last December, is also the butt of vicious attacks by politicians.   “In a desperate effort to stop people from using the airport, they sponsored a report on the social media claiming that a large herd of so-called Fulani-owned cows broke into the airport, assisted by dangerously armed herders.   “It is remarkable that all the airport stakeholders, including airlines, passengers, security agencies, technical and cabin crews, the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, the Ministry of Aviation as well as serious journalists treated the report with the contempt it deserved”.   Adinuba advised politicians who sponsor relentless reports against the state in the name of fighting a political war to desist from the attempt to de-market the state.   “The election is over”, he declared, “and what our people need now is an atmosphere of cooperation, collaboration and solidarity to enable the governor-elect to kick off the desired revolution to launch Anambra State into a stratosphere of development”.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Obiano's Aide Mrs Okoye Seeks Improved Security In Schools Across Nigeria To Protect Pupils, Students 
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-25 05:59:39CategoriesState The Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agriculture, Dame Theresa Okoye has called on the government at all levels to tighten security of pupils and students in various schools across Nigeria, amidst various stories of abductions and killings.   According to Dame Okoye who made this call in Awka, the recent abduction and killing of pupils and children in some schools across the country, has made it pertinent for the government at all levels to enhance the security of life and property of all Nigerians, especially pupils and students.   The Governor's assistant who doubled as the National Women Coordinator, All Soludo Support Group, urged parents to equally enhance the safety of their pupils and students, as they are the leaders of tomorrow.   She regretted the recent killings and abductions of pupils and students in the country by either their peers, caregivers or bandits, and called on the government at all levels to double their efforts in checkmating the ugly menace.   Dame Okoye pointed out that the ugly scenario might lead to some parents withdrawing their children from school, thereby increasing the rate of out of school children in Nigeria, if urgent steps are not taken immediately. 
Federal Lawmaker Obidigwe Reassures Constituency Of Quality Representation
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-25 05:57:31CategoriesState The member representing Anambra East and West Federal Constituency, Chief Chinedu Obidigwe says he will continue to deliver more dividends of democracy to his constituents.   Hon. Obidigwe who made this known while speaking to the ABS in Awka, maintained that his top priority as a parliamentarian is to ensure that the interest of Ndi Anambra East and West as well as other Nigerians are always protected.   The Federal  lawmaker who doubled as the Deputy Chairman, House of Representatives Committee on Environment and Ad-hoc Committee Chairman on Health, noted that he has brought so many empowerment projects to most of his constituents which includes , street lights projects,  the supply of educational equipment’s to over nine secondary schools such as computers, exercise books, furniture and office tables  to schools and  students, building of water boreholes, construction of interlocked roads, scholarship scheme, employment opportunities, among others and assured that  he will never relent in ensuring that the people of his constituency are not marginalized in the national budgeting and implementation.   Chief. Obidigwe commended Governor Willie Obiano for his people-oriented policies and programmes that have brought unprecedented human and infrastructural development in Anambra state and called on Ndi Anambra to extend the much-needed support they gave to Governor Obiano to the incoming administration of Professor Charles Soludo, a man he described as a game changer with great vision for Anambra state. 
Nollywood Star Bob-Manuel Udokwu Calls For Promotion Of Igbo Tradition
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-25 05:56:08CategoriesState Nollywood actor,Mr. Bob-Manuel Udokwu has put in strong words for Igbo traditionalism, arguing that African deities are no demons. Mr. Udokwu, who was speaking about how modern Christianity has eroded a great deal of the Igbo tradition, said the incursion of modern religion demonized the existence of native doctors and African spiritualists, who were often consulted to cure such things as insanity and malaria. He charged Ndi Igbo to be selective with the traditions they dispose of, even while adhering to modern Christianity. 
Mike Eze Celebrates 70th Birthday Anniversary With Thanksgiving Mass At Onitsha
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2022-01-25 05:54:11CategoriesState It was a moment of joy and gratitude for Chief Mike Eze of Map Group, as he celebrated his seventieth birthday anniversary as family, relatives, friends and well-wishers joined him in thanksgiving mass for the blessing, at the Basilica of The Most Holy Trinity, Onitsha.   The Archbishop of Onitsha Ecclesiastical Province, Most Reverend Valerian Okeke represented by the Chancellor of the Archdiocese, Very Reverend Father Prudentus Aroh said that birthdays are celebrated to show the preciousness of life and it is an opportunity for sober reflection on one’s journey on earth and prayed for more years on Chief Mike Eze whom he described as a man that loves God. In a sermon, the Rector, Basilica of The Most Holy Trinity, Reverend Father Nwokedi Ezumezu, said that the word of God strengthens, transforms, and encourages Christians and charged Christians to shun all forms of distractions while in the church and strive to preach reconciliation and peace to the world at all times.   The celebrant, Chief Eze who acknowledged God's faithfulness in his life, said he was happy and fulfilled having attained the age of seventy and prayed for God's continued blessing on his family, even as he thanked everybody for making the event a successful one. Expressing their birthday wishes, the wife of the celebrant, Mrs. Scholastica Eze, his daughter, Adaobi Ezenwa and brother-in-law, Chief Emeka Uchendu, expressed gratitude to God for the gift of life and prayed for more blessings, good health and long life for the celebrant.   The birthday celebration attracted personalities from across the country, including the celebrant’s business associates, government officials, Nnokwa cabinet chiefs, as well as the ABS Director of News and Current Affairs, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze, who is the celebrant’s cousin. Staff reporter, Oggorchukwu Oranu who covered the event reports that thanksgiving, birthday songs from the choir and congregation, cutting of cake, speeches, citation and dance by the celebrant, featured during the birthday party. 
Commentary: Inauguration Of The Anambra 2022 Governorship Transition Committee
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-25 05:42:08CategoriesColumnist It is a thing of joy that last week, the in-coming governor of Anambra state, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, inaugurated the Anambra 2022 Governorship Transition Committee. The inauguration is conventional. In a democratic government all over the world, presidents-elect and governors-elect, expectedly, constitute transition committees to work in tandem with government of the day to ensure seamless take-over and smooth take-off of the new administration.
President Joe Biden constituted a transition committee before he was sworn-in as American President, same with President Mohammadu Buhari of Nigeria and all the 36 governors and their predecessors. Therefore, the inauguration by Professor Soludo was not an aberration.
However, the noble aspect of the in-coming governor’s action is that this committee comprises some of Nigeria’s best, headed by an amazon, Dr. Oby Ezekwesili. Another commendable deed is that members of the committee are sacrificing their time and talent pro bono, to help the journey to a liveable and prosperous smart city.
Furthermore, it is a friendly transition; it is an APGA government to APGA government, and nothing short of high level cooperation is expected among members of the family. Also, that the transition committee was jointly inaugurated, speaks eloquently of Professor Soludo’s intentions. It is almost like a combined transition committee and it is a testimony that this is a family affair.
Again, there are several members of the committee who the governor-elect had never met, but their work and reputation found them. Some are even in opposition parties, indicating that APGA is magnanimous in victory. The party believes that sound ideas and implementation have no political party badge or state of origin. Hence, Ndi Anambra are grateful to all who have accepted to serve, even at no cost to government.
Some commentators have observed that the number of the transition committee is large in their estimation, even without seeing the terms of reference, or the task, or that the members are offering their time and talent without remuneration as it were. Some were already computing the amount of money that each of the committee members would be paid.
It must be stated that if Anambra accepts to pay or remunerate the calibre of people in the committee, then, as Professor Soludo put it, even a World Bank facility would not be enough to pay them.
The global objective of the transition committee is to help the government and the governor-elect to achieve a seamless transition and to make his administration ready to hit the ground running from day one. According to the governor-elect, the task of the transition committee is elaborate, but three stand out.
First is to ascertain, certify the state of affairs, the short to medium term deliverables of the vision 2070. Second is to propose actionable agenda for the next administration, and third is to assist with a talent hunt to populate the Anambra change data bank. This is an indication that the in-coming APGA administration is open to seeking help and will deeply appreciate advice and assistance of everybody to enable it deliver efficient and effective services to millions of the people.
While the administration will continue to be sensitive to politics, which is expected in a democracy, it is equally aware that the teeming millions earnestly want public service to work. No doubt, the in-coming administration envisions an Anambra that will be the preferred destination in West Africa to live, learn, work, invest and relax.
Suffice it to say that the administration will welcome contributions to make this work. Of course, Anambra is a state in the South East and is not an island unto itself, thus, the administration will seek the cooperation and collaboration of other states, especially South-East and South-South states. This will be critical for creating the prosperous homeland.
The times are hard and the immediate future will be challenging. Despite this, Ndi Anambra expect extraordinary outcomes, and literarily expect miracles, and APGA cannot let them down as no excuses will do. Professor Soludo is, no doubt, determined to give it his all, mobilizing the creative resources of our people all over the world to create a befitting homeland.
It is a collective dream and assignment. Given the pool of human resources in the transition committee, Anambra people will expect an exemplary report, a very illuminating one, which the in-coming administration is looking forward to use as a template to operate from day one. May God help them.
WRITTEN BY SIR NOBERT OBI 
Anambra Salutes Bishop Okeke of Nnewi, as he Retires at 75
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2022-01-24 06:41:25CategoriesState Anambra State has paid a glowing tribute to the Catholic Bishop of Nnewi, Most reverend Dr Hilary Odili Paul Okeke, who retired at the weekend as the diocesan bishop on the attainment of the canonically mandatory retirement age of 75 years.   “Bishop Okeke’s leadership of the Nnewi Diocese for 21 years is nothing other than inspiring and exemplary”, the state Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, said in a statement in Awka, the state capital, at the weekend.   “The Holy Spirit must have been involved directly in his selection as the first bishop of the newly created diocese, for he took the diocese to unexpected heights in every field within a short period”.   Commissioner Adinuba lauded Bishop Okeke for not only growing the church under his care exponentially but also building schools and impressive health facilities, in addition to turning himself into an angel of peace and progress.   “He has over the years demonstrated eloquently the church is to serve both God and society”, declared the commissioner on behalf of the state government.   He commended the bishop for his humility and eagerness to carry out every duty he was given since his ordination on April 20, 1974, regardless of the obvious difficulties.   “Shortly after his ordination by Cardinal Francis Arinze, who was then the Archbishop of Onitsha”, observed Adinuba, “he was sent to a town in Ogbaru Local Area to serve as both a priest and a secondary school teacher when the town had no such basic amenities as pipe-borne water, tarred roads and public power supply.   “Still, he worked with tremendous cheer and inspired an almost countless number of people in the new secondary school and in his parish”.   The commissioner said that the bishop’s personal virtues coupled with his outstanding brilliance enabled him to become the first member of his class to become a papal chamberlain, a vicar general and, ultimately, a bishop.   Describing Okeke as an internationally recognized canon lawyer and author, Adinuba described as a thing of joy the fact that Dr Okeke has been succeeded by Bishop Jonas Benson-Okoye, the Auxiliary Bishop of the Awka Diocese, whom he called “another brilliant canonist, theologian, philosopher and educationist”.   Meanwhile, Governor Willie Obiano has noted “that the Nnewi Diocese could not have been luckier with the appointment of Bishop Okoye, who is already well known in Anambra as an effective religious shepherd, as the new local ordinary.   “He cares about both the soul and the welfare of the people, which makes him a balanced and realistic spiritual leader”.   The Anambra State governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, has also congratulated Bishop Okeke on what he called his exceptional leadership of the Nnewi Diocese “for over 20 years.   “He towers in intellect as in spirituality, leadership, research and writing.   “His colleagues and students still speak wonderfully of his tenure as the head of the Department of Canon Law at the Catholic Institute of West Africa (CIWA) in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, an affiliate of the University of Calabar”.   Professor Soludo stated that “Bishop Okoye is expected to exceed the impressive standards set by his predecessor, in line with the new spirit in Anambra State which seeks to enthrone global standards of doing things in the state”.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Commentary: Christmas Celebrations In Anambra State
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-01-24 06:39:57CategoriesColumnist Those who have spent Christmas in Anambra state in the past eight years would testify that it had always been awesome. A returnee, who had been away from the state for years, once attested that he could still recall the very first one in 2014; the first under the Willie Obiano administration in the State. The Governor, having set Anambra on the part to social, political and economic renaissance, crafted a strong ‘Aku Luo Uno’ message targeted at Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora. The best way he did it was to throw a big party at the Dr Alex Ekwueme Square and invited the whole world, especially Ndi Anambra who heeded the home coming call. The maiden Anambra Jam Blast musical jamboree was privately sponsored by corporate organizations and friends of Ndi Anambra and featured Patoranking, Phyno Fyno, Slow Dogg and other acts. The open air concert, the first of its kind in the state, lasted into the morning and had Ndi Anambra attending from their various communities across the state. That same year, towards the end of December, Ndi Anambra converged on Okija for the Face of Okija Cultural Pageant. The now yearly franchise, sponsored by Dr. Ernest Obiejesi (Obijackson), brought the best in Nigerian entertainment to Okija, and the world took notice. Anambra was on the rise and Ndi Anambra now had social and cultural events to look forward to every Christmas when they visited home. This was not the case before Governor Willie Obiano assumed the mantle of leadership. Whereas annual homecoming had always been a way of life for Igbo men and women sojourning outside Igbo land, the practice slowed tremendously, especially in Anambra State during the dark years of incessant kidnappings and armed robberies in the state, when many of our people chose to celebrate traditional weddings and other family milestones in Lagos, Abuja, London and other cities where they reside. All these are in the past now. Ndi Anambra in their millions now come home to spend Christmas. They use the time to re-connect with friends and family, commune with Ndi Umunna, rejuvenate for the challenges of the coming year and revel in the several feasts, festivals and events that simultaneously take place across the state. No wonder Sir Willie Nwokoye, a native of Amawbia and Principal Secretary to Governor Obiano likened life in Anambra State during Christmas as “one large uninterrupted social and cultural feast and extravaganza”. On the traffic jams during the period, that is to be expected due to the influx of thousands of vehicles during Christmas. Added to that are the vehicles from friends and well-wishers visiting their Anambra friends and attending one function or the other. For consolation, the traffic situation is eased by the good road network that Anambra enjoys as it is easy to connect from one town to another. Above all, the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, which became operational from December 7, 2021, eased movement of Ndi Anambra to their state and back to their base. More so, men of the Anambra Traffic Management Agency (ATMA), FRSC, the police and other security agencies are always on hand to help the flow of traffic, especially at major traffic flash-points. Some Anambra communities have also devised their own local solutions to managing the traffic situation to complement government efforts. For example, Enugwu-Ukwu Community Development Union (ECDU) introduced Volunteer Traffic Marshalls, who were trained and commissioned by ATMA, just for the Christmas season. This is commendable. Many communities are now organizing music festivals, Ofala and masquerade festivals, carnivals and other events to entertain their people, especially those returning home. These collectively contributed to the overall fun and mood of celebration Ndi Anambra experienced. No doubt, Christmas in Anambra in the last eight years has been memorable and Ndi Anambra continue to hope for, and look forward to celebrating many more peaceful Christmas seasons in their state. Kudos to Governor Willie Obiano and his team, the security agencies and all those who collectively worked hard behind the scenes to ensure that Anambra continues to remain peaceful and secure, thus making it attractive for its indigenes and their friends to want to always come back home. Delighted with the peaceful way Ndi Anambra celebrated this past Christmas, Governor Willie Obiano, through a message issued by Mr C-Don Adinuba, the Honourable Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, commended intelligence and security agencies in the state and some state-owned agencies for providing impressive security in the state, especially during the Christmas and New Year fiesta. As we thank God for His abundant blessings and for granting our brothers and sisters who returned from the Diaspora journey mercies, we look forward to celebrating the 2022 Christmas season in Anambra State, and hope that it will continue to be as memorable and as colourful. 
Early Morning Fire Razes Furniture Complex, Other Structures In Awka
AuthorBlessing DennisDate2022-01-24 06:36:45CategoriesState  Furniture complex and other structures have been razed down by Fire in Awka.
 The  early morning fire incident occurred  at Seaman junction off Stamford Road by state Secretariat Road Awka.
When the ABS arrived the scene of the incident, residents and traders were seen mourning  the lost of their sources of livelihood and wondering how they will cope especially at  this hard  period of economic downturn in the country.
In an interview some of the traders who were viably heartbroken seeing their property burnt down, including Mr Chinwuba Anayo narrated how he struggled to set up small space to provide for his family which has now gone up in flames and pleaded for assistance from state government and  privileged individuals.

Others victims of the disaster including Mr. Beka Okeke, Mr. Sunday Nwankwo and Mmadubuchi Ogbaga appealed for support to enable them overcome the misfortune that befall them early in the year.
As of the time of filing this report, the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained.
Cleric Acho - Egbunike Urges Christians To Maintain Closer Relationship With God
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-24 06:33:46CategoriesState The Parish Priest of Saint Catherine’s Catholic Church Awkuzu, Reverend Father Innocent Acho-Egbunike says the word of God trains and directs Christians on the path of righteousness. Reverend Acho-Egbunike who stated this in his homily during a holy mass with the theme ‘evaluating their relationship with God', said it's important for Christians to commune with God by meditating on His words in order to equip themselves with virtues and open their eyes to what life is all about, as well as how to tackle its challenges. Reverend Father Acho-Egbunike noted that hearing the word of God enables Christians feel God’s presence, while reading the Bible connects them with His instructions. At Divine Mercy Catholic Chaplaincy, Amaku Awka, the Chaplain, Reverend Father Justin Ezechukwu urged the congregation to cultivate right attitudes and study the word of God, which he said helps in Christian life. At the Christ Holy Church International Awka Number One, Venerable David Achukwu enjoined Christians to sustain prayers for the nation for divine intervention and maintained that prayer remains the key to achieving life goals, adding that those who seek God's face will achieve success. Also at the Anglican Church of The Holy Spirit, Awka, Postulant Daniel Imini encouraged Christians to maintain steady fellowship with God, lessen their burdens and prepare them for His kingdom. He expressed concern over challenges facing Christians in Nigeria, and asked the worshippers to sow good seed, pray fervently and partner with God to attain salvation. 
Anambra CP Echeng Orders Probe Of Fire Outbreak In Awka, Oko Urges Residents To Uphold  Safety Measures
AuthorANAMBRA POLICE COMMANDDate2022-01-24 06:30:02CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner of Police Mr. Echeng Echeng worried by the recent fire incidents in a Market at Oko and food vendor and furniture workshop by the State Secretariat junction, Ifite road, Awka, which resulted to loss of valuable property , has advised members of the public to always take precautionary measures to avert such ugly incidents and avoid storing highly combustible materials in their homes, offices or business premises as these are capable of causing an inferno.   Mr. Echeng Echeng who had ordered a comprehensive investigation into the incident admonished citizens over negligent acts, such as unbridled dropping of cigarette butts, uncontrolled bush burning, use of fire crackers and other explosives, careless handling of receptacles for trash, poor handling of electrical appliances and other human actions capable of causing fire outbreak.   In a release signed by the Anambra State police Public Relations officer, DSP Ikenga Tochukwu said that preliminary Information revealed that the fire took place in the early hours of the morning period and no life was lost and the Police Operatives quickly responded and cordoned off the area to avert hoodlums taken advantage of the situation to loot and contacted the Fire service department and the fire was successfully put off and the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained 
Bishop Ezeofor Urges Parents To Be Alive To Responsibilities Of Child Upbringing 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-24 06:28:17CategoriesState The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor has charged parents to be alive to their responsibilities in order to entrench a better society. Speaking at the Cathedral Church of Saint John Ekwulobia during the rededication service for members of the Anglican Men’s Fellowship and members of the Mother's Union, Bishop Ezeofor urged Parents to see the child's upbringing as a collective responsibility.   Bishop Ezeofor who regretted the high level of vices in the society called on parents to always monitor the kind of company their children keep in order not to bring shame to their various families and charged parents to aways invest in the education of their children in order to secure a brighter future for them.   The Anglican prelate who is also the National Chairman of the Evangelical fellowship in the Anglican Communion (EFAC) Nigeria, urged government at different levels to enunciate more measures that will create employment opportunities for the teeming youth populace and described Fathers as the pillar of the society, even as he called for a collective effort between husband and wife in order to build a God fearing home and decent society.   The president of Aguata Diocesan Women's Ministry and Girls Guild, Mrs. Chinyere Ezeofor and President Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor charged Christian parents to always engage in acts capable of portraying their families in good light.   Some Women who attended the event, Mrs. Chinyere Obiagboso and Glory Nwankwo as well as a member of the Aguata Diocesan Men's fellowship, Prince Azikiwe Ezeme said that the rededication service will serve as a boost to their responsibilities as worthy Christian’s parents.   The event featured a special prayer for families in distress.   Meanwhile, Aguata Diocese has announced the preferment of Reverend Canon Emma Nwankwo, the supervising priest of Igboukwu Archdeaconry as an Archdeacon.   Bishop Samuel Ezeofor who announced this at Saint Mary's parish Ogboji, during the first Diocesan Board for the year, said the preferment will serve as a motivation to enable him to be more committed to his responsibilities. 
Anambra Lawmaker Emeneka, Others Ask FG To Reconsider Decision To Increase Petrol Pump Price
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-24 06:25:18CategoriesNews The discussion over the insinuation that the Federal Government of Nigeria is going to increase the pump price of petroleum products to over three hundred naira this year has continued to generate arguments.   Stakeholders in Awka, Anambra state have called on the Federal Government to put the interest of the poor and vulnerable Nigerians into consideration before arriving at any decision.   Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye sampled people’s opinion and reports that deregulation of the downstream sector or the removal of oil subsidy is not a new story to an average Nigerian.   Former President Goodluck Jonathan's administration had tried to remove the oil subsidy, but was met with stiff resistance by some opposition political parties and other Nigerians as at then, describing it as a fraud, including members of the ruling All Progressives Congress.   Just last year, the federal government through the minister of Finance, Budget and National planning, Hajiya Zainab Ahmed said that the federal government is determined to remove the fuel subsidy and rolled out measures they have put in place to cushion the adverse effects that may arise from the removal.   Reacting to the development, the member representing Anambra East Constituency in the State House of Assembly, Hon. Obinna Emeneka called on President Muhammadu Buhari led administration to ensure that whatever step they will take is in the best interest of the poor and vulnerable Nigerians.   Hon. Emeneka noted that considering the State of the Country's economy, the Federal Government must look at the after effects of the fuel increment on the masses before taking any step-in order not to subject more Nigerians into abject poverty.   An All Progressives Grand Alliance chieftain in Awka, Engineer Chuks-Michael Mofunanya, regretted that the current price of the premium motor spirit is not even affordable to all Nigerians, and wondered why the Federal Government is desirous of increasing the fuel pump price.   Engineer Mofunanya advised the Buhari led administration not to increase the petrol pump price, rather, they should build modular refineries to ensure that the product is being refined in Nigeria to save Nigerians from untoward hardship. 
Police, Army Move To End Sit - At - Home Orders  In South East
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-01-24 06:23:05CategoriesState The Assistant Inspector General of Police in charge of Zone 13 Ukpo, Mr. Umar Muri, has said that the police commands in Anambra and Enugu states together with the Nigerian Army are working together to end the observation of sit-at-home orders in the states.   Although the police boss spoke about the two states under his control, sources said that similar efforts were being made by other commands to ensure that an end is put to the observation of sit-at-home in the South East.   Mr. Muri, who disclosed this at the Zone 13 headquarters shortly after decorating officers attached to the two commands who were recently promoted by the police authority, said the sit-at-home is illegal, and that the Police officers are doing their best to ensure that it is no longer in existence in the two states.   The AIG was assisted by the Commissioners of Police of the two states during the event.   The Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, had in a statement said that the sit-at -home order has been canceled, and that anyone or group of persons enforcing the sit-at-home order must be treated as criminals.   The group advised people to ignore anybody enforcing Monday’s sit-at- home order and go about their normal businesses, describing those enforcing the order as enemies of Ndigbo. 
Consultative Media Parley  On IDPs Issues Ends In Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-24 06:18:36CategoriesNigeria Journalists have been urged to dig-deep in finding answers to issues relating to the welfare of the Internally Displaced Persons in Nigeria.   Speakers at a one-day consultative media parley on advancing the IDPs issues by the Journalists in Abuja, counted problems of poverty, lack of access to education, health among others as the burning issues in the (IDP’s)   According to a Journalist, Ene Oshaba, while sharing her personal experiences in the camp, there is a huge change in the roles of women who now fend for their families but have little or no access to funding and market   Mr. John Wakawah, added basic needs of shelter, food, clothing, psychological trauma as some of the many problems confronting IDPs in Nigeria, as according to him, Boko Haram seems to be winning the fight against western education as education for IDPs is not one of government's strong policies.   For Mr. Bumi Atteh, there is need for healthcare initiatives in the camps, as the campees have limited access to health services   One of the IDPs, Mr. Enoch lamented that government has denied them rights to loans and that they do not want to go back to where they would be killed   Earlier the conveners, including Mrs. Ugonma Cokey, Mr. Dayo Emmanuel and Mr. Sanmi Falobi among others, said IDP issues concern all and not limited to status, age or location, as it has become a national phenomenon, hence the need for using the media as a means of drawing attention to them. 
Commentary: Curbing Indecent Dressing In The Society
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2022-01-23 06:22:50CategoriesColumnist Indecent dressing is regarded as wearing of clothes or dresses that are revealing parts of the body, which ought to be covered. It is dressing in a way that provokes undue attention or with seductive tendencies.
Indecent dressing, which has become a social anomaly, cuts across all ages and is fast becoming a norm. It is a terrible social problem that needs to be tackled with every available arsenal before it snuffs life out of our society.
Causes of indecent dressing are enormous. Everybody comes from a family or a home. So when a child is given a poor upbringing, it will definitely affect the way he or she relates with the society and vice versa.
Most parents today do not see anything wrong in their children walking the streets half-naked. They think it is fashionable and because they want to belong, they allow such anomaly. Some mothers are also brought up in the frenzy of indecent dressing and one can only give what he or she has.
Another cause of indecent dressing is poor personal value. When one has a poor value of himself, it tells on his actions. The late boxer, Mohammed Ali, told his daughters that, “everything God made valuable in the world is covered and hard to get”. He asked them, “Where do you find diamond? Deep down on the ground, covered and protected. Where do you find pearls? Deep down at the bottom of the ocean, covered up and protected in a beautiful shell. Where do you find gold? Way down in the wine, covered over with layers and layers of rock. You have to work hard to get them”. He also told his daughters that their bodies were sacred and that they were far more precious than all precious stones and based on that, that they should dress decently.
Thus, indecent dressing boils down to how one sees himself or herself. If you think you are a diamond or rather more precious than diamond, then you need to treat yourself with dignity. On the other hand, if you think you are chaff, you are free to dress anyhow. People should note, however, that the way they dress is the way they are addressed.
Some women and girls these days, dress like call girls. Such free girls are treated with disgust anywhere, because they are regarded as people who do not have any value for their bodies. Hence, they are also known as women of easy virtue.
Some churches also contribute to indecent dressing. They allow people to come into the church, no matter how they dress, for fear of losing membership. It is worrisome because the church is supposed to be a place where godly character and behavior are inculcated into people; a place where people’s lives are transformed from negative to positive.
Some people are also fond of copying the life style of Hollywood and Nollywood celebrities, some of who dress indecently. They forget that they are role models to a lot of people and should be careful in the way they live their lives.
Indecent dressing has dire consequences, which include rape, unwanted pregnancies, sexually transmitted diseases, emotional trauma, and untimely death among others. Therefore, people should allow the fear of God to permeate their lives. The fear of God produces godly character and behavior. If there is the fear God in our homes, churches, institutions and in individual lives, our society indeed will be a better place to live in.
Remember, you are addressed the way you dress. If you think you are more valuable than diamond, treat yourself as such and you will attract honour and dignity.
Super Eagles Coach Eguavoen Predicts Tough Encounter With Tunisia Today
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-23 06:12:59CategoriesSport Super Eagles head coach Mr Augustine Eguavoen has predicted another tight encounter in today's Africa Cup of Nations Round of sixteen tie against the Carthage Eagles of Tunisia at the Stade Roumdé Adjia Garoua. Nigeria is going into the game with their one hundred percent performances in the group stage while Tunisia only qualified for the knockout stage as one of the best losers, finishing in third place behind the Gambia and Mali, and winning only one of their three matches while losing the other two. Mr Eguavoen understands the qualities the North African side possess despite their unimpressive campaign in their group stage, insisting that Tunisia are not pushovers. The Super Eagle boss said that he expects a very tough game against the Tunisians and that their group should not be lulled into any sense of superiority over any team until they do the business on the field. 
Pharmacist Onuko Cautions Mothers Against Self Meditation Of Babies To Protect Vital Organs
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-23 06:11:06CategoriesHealth An Awka, Anambra state-based pharmacist, Mrs. Oby Onuko has cautioned mothers to desist from giving unnecessary medications to their babies less than twelve months old, as it could  harm their livers and kidneys.   Pharmacist Onuko who spoke to the ABS in her office in Awka, said that it is every mother desire to ensure the wellbeing of her child, but regretted that some mothers, sometimes self-medicate their babies and in turn cause more harm than good to such children.   The medical expert noted that most mothers of newborn babies less than one year are in the habit of self-medicating their babies out of their own instincts, even when such babies are not showing any sign or symptoms for the need of such drugs, thereby damaging their livers and kidneys.   She described it as dangerous where nursing mothers start giving their newborns teething drugs, so that when they start teething, there won't be any discomfort and urged them to stop such practice to save their babies from health issues .   Pharmacist Onuko revealed that what the nursing mothers do when they give unnecessary medications to their children, is  simply to stress and over-work the children’s delicate liver and kidney, which could cause more problems for them in the future.   She therefore advised mothers to always seek the assistance of medical experts in whatever medication they give or wish to give to their newborn babies and children for the overall good of both the babies and their families.   
Business Executive Okonkwo Asks Ndịgbo To Increase Voting Strength
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-23 06:09:07CategoriesState A business executive, Chief Chris Okonkwo has called on Ndigbo to ensure that they do everything humanly possible to increase their voting strength as the 2023 general election is fast approaching.   Chief Okonkwo who made this call while speaking to newsmen in Awka, regretted that the South East region of Nigeria has the lowest registered voters in the entire country, going by the latest data released by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC).   Chief Okonkwo reminded Ndigbo, especially the youths that elections are not won on social media but with the permanent voter cards and ballot papers, and maintained that much still needs to be done to sensitize the people of the region on the importance of voting in an election.   The business mogul who is an All Progressives Grand Alliance stakeholder in Anambra West Local Government Area, pointed out that Ndigbo irrespective of other strategies they have adopted to liberate themselves, could also use their votes to correct the injustice meted out to them by voting the right people into power at every election, as according to him, the agitation in the region is caused by marginalization, underdevelopment and lack of job opportunities for the youths.   He commended the Anambra state governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo for assembling men and women of character, intelligence and integrity into his Transition Committee team for a seamless transition of power and expressed optimism that the former Central Bank of Nigeria governor will consolidate on all the achievements recorded by the innovative administration of governor Willie Obiano. 
Communication Expert Okere Advocates Inclusion Of Media Literacy In  National School Curricular As Fact-checking Training Ends In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-01-23 06:05:35CategoriesState A communication expert, Mr. Ike Okere has recommended inclusion of study on media literacy in the nation's school curricular.   Mr. Okere, who gave the recommendation while speaking at a one-day free certificate training on fact-checking and countering misinformation, also called on journalists and media organizations to consider developing fact-checking sites in order to continuously disseminate credible and verifiable information that will help in maintaining stability of the society. He explained that fake news thrives because of gullibility and unwillingness of people to check beyond the surface, urging people to maintain healthy skepticism, since according to him, even photos and videos are being manipulated for sinister motives.   Mr. Okere highlighted steps to take in stopping fake news to include considering the source, checking the author, date, biases, reading beyond headlines, as well as consulting fact-checking sites. The event held at Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, was organised by the West Africa Broadcast and Media Academy, WABMA, in collaboration with the Enugu Literary Society, ELS, with WHAIafrica as Anambra Coordinator of Project Fact Check Nigeria, and had in attendance journalists from different media organizations in the State, including Joseph Egbeocha, Kenechukwu Chukwudi and Ifeoma Mebe of ABS, among other participants. Highlights of the event include presentation of certificate of participation, give aways in airtime to lucky participants, as well as talk on how to study in the United States of America. 
NFF Likely To Retain Eguavoen As Super Eagles Full - Time Coach
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-22 07:43:30CategoriesNigeria Sport The Nigeria Football Federation may retain Mr Austin Eguavoen as full-time coach of the Super Eagles after it was learnt that the body is yet to sign a contract with Portuguese coach Mr José Peseiro. Mr Peseiro was named as the new coach of the Super Eagles on December twenty-ninth, but would take charge after the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations tournament in Cameroon. The sixty-one-year-old, who resigned as Venezuelan coach last August due to unpaid wages, reportedly agreed in principle with the Nigeria Football Federation to take charge of the team in March, when the financial modalities must have been sorted out. Mr Peseiro was billed to be in Cameroon to assess the squad ahead of the 2022 World Cup qualifying play-offs, while Mr Austin Eguavoen managed the side at the AFCON but the European hasn’t shown up, which raised eyebrows. 
NUJ Election: VC  Candidate Ngozi Obileri Takes Campaign To Purity FM Chapel Mgbakwu Awka North Council Area
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2022-01-22 07:36:50CategoriesState Vice Chairmanship candidate comrade Ngozi Obileri in the upcoming Anambra triennial conference has taken campaign visit to Purity FM NUJ Chapel in Mgbakwu, Awka North Council Area.   The visit was  to  solicit   their support and vote in the forth coming NUJ Anambra State Council election holding on January 28, 2022.   Chidinma Ikeanyionwu reports that  introducing the candidate, the Secretary, NUJ ABS chapel Comrade Chukwuemeka Modilim described the vice chairmanship candidate Mrs Obileri, as a team player, tenacious and trusted individual who does not entertain any form of intimidation and would deliver if elected, and pleaded with the members of Purity FM chapel to give her their unalloyed support. In her speech, Mrs Obileri said part of her role if elected will be to ensure transparency and to see that everyone is carried along.   Mrs Obileri explained that she will give her ideas and support to whoever emerges the chairman and make sure that NUJ congresses are taken seriously by members.   The chairman of Purity FM NUJ chapel comrade Chris Obileri, urged his chapel members not to vote on sentiment and assured of their maximum support come January 28.   Present during the campaign tour were the ABS NUJ caretaker committee chairman Reverend Ejike Abana, Comrade Ndu Nwanna, comrade Chukwudi Chukwuenyem, comrade Pamela Igwe and comrade Alfred Ajayi, all of Purity FM chapel. 
Members Of Anambra 2022 Transition Committee Assure Seamless Transition March 17
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-01-22 07:31:41CategoriesState Members of the Anambra 2022 transition Committee has assured to give their best towards a seamless transition come March 17th 2022.   Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha who covered the inauguration ceremony sampled opinion of some of the committee members.   Speaking to the ABS shortly after their inauguration at Golden Tulip Hotel Agulu, some members of the committee including the former Director, Bureau of Public Procurement, Abuja, Engineer Emeka Ezeh, the Dean Faculty of Education, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Nkechi Ikediugwu and Dr Nelson Omenugha, the Convener of Youth Earnestly Support Soludo assured of delivering services anchored on diligence, selflessness and sacrifice.   They appreciated the Governor-elect Professor Soludo for the opportunity to serve the state and assured to live up to expectations.   The state Commissioner for Health Dr Vincent Okpala, Sir Clement Nwogbo of Anambra State Small Business Agency, ASBA and Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie, the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Disability Matters remarked that with the quality of individuals in the committee, there is no doubt the Governor-elect is ready to deliver the dividends of democracy as captured in his manifesto.   They also maintained that the Governor-elect will run an all-inclusive administration going by the manner he accommodated both party and nonparty members including appointing Mr Alex Obiogbolu who was the PDP campaign Director General in the last Governorship election.   The committee Chairperson, Dr Oby Ezekwesili while addressing the committee charged them to prioritize the future of the state by focusing their energy towards making decisions that will contribute towards achieving sustainable growth and development in Anambra State.   Dr Ezekwesili, earlier announced that the eighty-man transition Committee are divided into twenty-three sub committees and tasked them on effectiveness and efficiency.   The Governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, who formally inaugurated the committee expressed belief that the committee will do justice to the task ahead of them. 
Disability Community Commends Anambra Governor - elect Soludo For Appointing Members In Transition Committee
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-01-22 07:26:28CategoriesState The Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Disability Matters Mr Chuks Ezewuzie has Commended the in-coming Governor Professor Chukwuma Soludo for appointing some persons with disability in the eighty-man transition Committee. The committee which is saddled with the responsibility of ensuring a seamless transition on March seventeenth has Dr Oby Ezekwesili former World Bank executive and one-time Minister of Education as chairperson and more than two persons with disability as members. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that speaking to the ABS, Mr Chuks Ezewuzie a lawyer who is a member of the transition committee lauded the level of commitment the in-coming Governor has shown with regards to the welfare of persons with disability in the State. He expressed optimism that persons with disability who has enjoyed robust relationship with the Obiano led administration will have a fair share under Professor Soludo. He assured that persons with disability in the State will give the incoming governor the maximum support to enable him achieve his vision of building a prosperous Anambra State. Mr Ezewuzie Commended Governor Obiano whom he said has done everything possible to give persons with disability sense of belonging especially in signing the Disability Rights Law. He further noted that the journey of building a more progressive Anambra has just began with inauguration of the committee which he believes so much will do an excellent job. 
INEC Asks Media Practitioners To Sensitize Populace On New Polling Units
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-22 07:22:41CategoriesNigeria The Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Professor Mahmood Yakubu has implored media practitioners to utilize their various platforms to sensitize the populace about new Polling units which have zero voters especially in theFederal Capital TerritoryAbuja, where the Council elections are scheduled for the twelfth of next Month. Speaking at the first consultative meeting with the Media for the year, the INEC Chairman who decried the increasing number of multiple registrations across the country, disclosed that in the Federal Capital Territory, over fifteen thousand multiple registrations have been detected just as about sixty-two thousand multiple registrations were detected in Anambra State before the Governorship election. The Chairman said that the distribution of voters to Polling Units in the Federal Capital Territory, shows that five hundred and ninety-three out of two thousand, eight hundred and twenty-two do not have voters because voters failed to take advantage of the expansion of access to transfer to the new Polling Units. Professor Yakubu, said that the Commission is looking forward for the support of media organizations to encourage voters who wish to transfer from their present Polling Units to new ones created as part of the Commission’s expansion of access to Polling Units across the country as their support is crucial to the success of the recent expansion of voter access to polling units. For the National President of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, Mr Chris Isiguzo represented by the National Treasurer, Mr Wale Atunbi, INEC has brought integrity in the conduct of elections in Nigeria. While urging the Commission to replicate what it did in Anambra State and more, Mr Isiguzo assured of the union's support to INEC for the upliftment of democracy in the country. 
Anambra State Govt Goes Tough Against Illegal Structures In Onitsha, Marks Buildings For Demolition
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-22 07:15:18CategoriesState A building still under construction within the Onitsha Main Market, has been marked for demolition by the Anambra State government. Correspondent, Ejike ABANA reports that  a joint task force including the Physical Planning Board, Nigerian Army, Nigeria Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Operation Clean and Healthy Anambra, among others embarked on the special enforcement operation. ABS gathered that there was no approval from relevant authorities for such building to be cited in the place, originally designated as vehicle park for the market, just beside the popular white house administrative block. The Enforcement team gave the developers  a one week ultimatum to remove the structure or risk demolition. The Chairman of the Anambra State Physical Planning Board, Mr Chike Maduekwe cautioned against building without approval which he said always defaces the environment. While maintaining that the government is law abiding, he stressed that the Market should be well planned, pointing out that the reason for government approvals is to ensure that projects are appropriate for locations where they are cited. Mr Maduekwe, a lawyer stated that the board has initiated court processes manifesting as summons and court orders against recalcitrant developers who have continued to build without approval, to serve as a deterrent. Meanwhile, as soon as traders in the premises saw the enforcement team, they rose and started shouting in jubilation, commending Governor Willie Obiano for coming to their rescue. Mr Maduekwe also used the opportunity to call on some developers who are currently erecting illegal structures on the access road to the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport to desist as the State government has acquired one hundred meters from the road, for overriding public interest. The Transition Committee Chairman for Onitsha North Local Government Area Mr. Patrick Aghamba who extoled  Governor Obiano for taking the bold step, said that government steps should always tilt towards protecting the interest of the people. The building was later sealed with a notice served to the developer. The board also marked an ongoing plaza for demolition for building without approval. 
AIG Zone 13 Ukpo Dunukofia Council Area Muri Decorates 13 Promoted Officers With New Ranks
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-01-22 07:00:27CategoriesState The Assistant Inspector General of Police in charge of Zone Thirteen Ukpo, Mr Umar Muri has decorated thirteen officers from the zone who were recently promoted by the Police authority .
The officers include Assistant Commissioner of Police Ndidiamaka Alifi Oguamalam, Assistant Commissioner of Police Ibrahim Jauro, Assistant Commissioner of Police Anthony Adeyi and Assistant Commissioner of Police Regina-Jane Mbanefo, all from Anambra State Police Command.

Others include Deputy Commissioner of Police Fidelis Ogarabe, Deputy Commissioner of Police Victor Erivwode, Assistant Commissioner of Police Matthew Ezeh, Assistant Commissioner of Police Princewill Ijeoma, Assistant Commissioner of Police Fidelia Okorie and Assistant Commissioner of Police Ukwa Bernard Amaga, all from Enugu State Command.
Superintendent of Police Nkeiruka Nwode, Superintendent of Police Daniel Gamede and Superintendent of Police Gabriel Edoro, all from Zone thirteen Ukpo were equally decorated by the Assistant Inspector General of Police at the event.

Decorating the Police officers, Mr Muri charged them to continue to ensure that justice is served to both rich and poor, as well as people of all religious persuasions at all times, and thanked God and the Police authority for the promotion, which he noted, will help in improving the officers' welfare packages and morale .
While calling for strict supervision in upholding the mandate of the force, the Assistant Inspector General of Police reminded the newly promoted officers that all instructions associated with their new ranks must be strictly adhered to, urging them to be role models to their subordinates.
Thanking the Police authority for considering them worthy of their new ranks, the newly promoted officers, including Deputy Commissioner of Police Ogarabe and Assistant Commissioner of Police Jauro promised to redouble efforts in achieving the mandate of the force, even as the member representing Ekwusigo Constituency, and Chairman House Committee on Boundary Matters and Police Affairs Mr Onyebuchi Ofor and a philanthropist, Mr. Fidelis Mmaduaburochukwu called on them to justify their new positions with renewed efforts.

Commissioner of Police in Anambra, Mr Echeng Echeng, and his Enugu State counterpart, Mr Lawal Daura attended the ceremony which also had in attendance family members, friends and well-wishers of the newly promoted officers.
Commentary: Seventy-eight Posthumous Birthday Of Dr Anthony Enukeme
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2022-01-21 07:25:33CategoriesColumnist The Late Dr Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme, OON, Ezeani-Akuvom, Onowu Neni, would have been 78 years old today, if he was alive. He was born on January 21, 1944 to the family of Chief and Mrs. Eyisi Enukeme of Umudioka village, Neni in Anaocha L.G.A.
Chief Enukeme established Tonimas Nigeria Limited in 1981 and, in 1982, incorporated the Company with its headquarters at Aba, Abia state and branches throughout Nigeria and in some African countries. Since then, the company, which is into lubricant manufacturing, has made huge progress.
Today, Tonimas Nigeria Limited is a household name everywhere. As a result of the quality of its products, Tonimas Lubricants has received the MANCAP Certificate, a rare recognition in Nigeria. It has also received numerous awards because its products are of international standards.
Chief Enukeme was a Worthy President of the Knights of Saint John International, Commandery 445, Aba and the Grand President, Knight of Saint John International, Owerri Grand Commandery. He was also a recipient of Enyi Abia from the Abia state government and Anya Anaocha, among others.
Chief Enukeme holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Public Administration and Master of Science in International Affairs and Diplomacy, both from Abia State University, Uturu. With his business acumen, education and high standard leadership potential, the late Dr Anthony Enukeme gave Tonimas Nigeria Limited a very solid foundation.
Dr Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme died on June 9, 2020 and was buried on August 14, 2020. He was a man of vision and mission with a commendable lifestyle, characterized by selfless service. Dr Enukeme used his resources to reconstruct and tar most of the feeder roads in his Neni community
The Late Dr Enukeme also gave scholarships to those who ordinarily would not have smelled the four walls of a university, irrespective of their tribe, religion or ethnic affiliations. He also lifted some people to the height of stardom in business, giving them financial muscle to stand on their own. There is a common saying in Neni, that Anambra would have been the Dubai of Africa, if the state had three of the likes of Dr. Enukeme. That is why, till today, he remains indelible in the minds of many.
On the religious sphere, the late Dr Anthony Enukeme was not found wanting. He built a place of worship at Saint James’ Catholic Church, Neni, his country home. He also replicated the same feat at Saint Agatha’s Catholic Church, Umuarakpa, Aba. For all these and more, he was made a Papal Knight of Saint Gregory the Great.
Dr Enukeme’s contributions to the wellbeing of the society made him a Paul Harris Fellow of the Rotary International, thus making him a renowned personality anywhere in the world. Furthermore, Dr Enukeme was a member of the Board of Trustees of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) and a good supporter of the government of Anambra State.
The late Dr Enukeme received an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration from the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University for his dexterity in business and philanthropy. He also received a community service award from the Anambra Broadcasting Service, following a serious partnership with the state media outfit since 1999 and still counting. He was the Founder and Pioneer President of the Anambra State Council of traditional Prime Ministers, Ndionowu.
As we remember him today, we should not forget so easily that the late Dr Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme, Onowu Neni was an amazing personality, who lived an exemplary life, with abundant testimonies.
Dr Anthony Enukeme was an exceptional and distinct model in philanthropic actions, designed and focused to benefit the masses. He was an accomplished personality in business, religious growth, traditional and cultural spheres as well as a political juggernaut.
May there be another Dr Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme in his future family lineage, to continue to emulate his footprints on the sands of time.
ASWAR Celebrates 2022 New Year Sacrifice, Ofala Festival At Nkpor Idemili North Council Area
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-01-21 07:22:45CategoriesState Proponents of African ancestral religion, as well as enthusiasts, over the weekend gathered at D Megawood Villa, Abor Mmiri Mbachu Estate Nkpor, Idemmili North Local Government Area, as African Sacred Worship of Ancestral Religion, ASWAR, Obi Abiama Holy Palace Nkpor, performed 2022 new year sacrifice and Ofala celebration. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the event, hosted by Mr. Iyke Onyeze, also known as Ikenga Africa, featured true Odinana Gospel, sacrifice and prayer for blessings for the new year, as well as assistance to widows and the less privileged. The chairman of the event, Chief Nobert Ezeani, in his opening remark said religion is a people's tradition, and enjoined upcoming generation to uphold their ancestral religious practices for more blessings from Chukwu-Okike-Abiama, and thanked the host for reawakening Ndigbo to the consciousness of their being. For the host, Mr. Onyeze, Obi Abiama, overflowing of blessings is a place of true worship of the Almighty God, whom other small gods should respect to enable man enjoy all-round breakthrough in life. He declared the event source of blessing and favour to many, adding that when Igbos religionize their culture and tradition as Isreal, China and India did, more speedy and sustainable development would follow. Others, including Mrs. Ngozi Nwajiaku, and Odenigbo Isuochi, who gave testimonies from previous events at the Obi Abiama holy palace, called on Igbos to return to their true ancestral worship. Masquerades, cultural music and dance displays, including Ikolo Nnobi, Adamma Ire Obosi, and the famous Ohafia war dance from Abia State, with resource persons including Ichie Ihe Amarame, Samuel Ifeanyi, among others climaxed the event. 
Anambra CP Echeng Cautions Residents Against Jungle Justice
AuthorANAMBRA POLICE COMMANDDate2022-01-21 07:18:38CategoriesState The Commissioner of Police Anambra State Police Command CP Echeng Echeng has urged members of the public who resort to jungle justice to exercise restraint and hand over suspects to police for proper investigation.   He made the plea, following the mob action that took place at Awada environs yesterday.   According to a release to that effect authored by the Commands Public Relations Officer, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, information revealed that at about thirty minutes past five o’clock in the evening yesterday, the yet unidentified armed suspects, operating with motorcycle, robbed some persons in their shops at Awada.   It said that during a hot chase by an angry mob when they discovered the robbers were using toy gun, accosted the suspects at Oraifite street by Ogbo bread and set them ablaze with their motorcycles.   The release said that the CP who frowned at such act, thanked the members of the public for assisting the Police in apprehending suspected criminals also urged them to always exercise restraint by not taking the law into their hands rather, they should endeavour to take such suspects to the nearest Police Station whenever they are apprehended.   This it said would afford the Police the opportunity to conduct appropriate investigation into the nefarious activities of the suspects, and bring them to justice in accordance with extant laws.   To this end, residents of the State are enjoined to remain law-abiding and vigilant and in the event of distress call or dissemination of useful information they should call the Command Control room numbers,07039194332 or 08039334002 and Emergency No: 112. 
Nigeria Armed Forces Adopt Society Approach To Tackle Insecurity
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-21 07:17:06CategoriesNigeria The Chief of Defence Staff, CDS, General Lucky Irabor says the Armed Forces of Nigeria, AFN, is advancing society approach towards addressing national security.   The CDS made this known at a two-day Youth and Security Summit themed, “Building Trust for an Improved Security Response in Nigeria, in Abuja.   General Irabor said, for the AFN to sustain progress as part of the larger architecture addressing security challenges, the military is currently advancing the whole-of-society approach as a means of solving the numerous challenges. According to him, Nigerian youths as a segment of the Nigeria population, can play a pivotal role in advancing the course of national security.   The CDS noted that engaging the youths is practically making them to become part and parcel of the fabric of stability of the society towards enhancing national security and identified freedom from dangers and threats to the country's ability to defend, develop and promote its core values, and legitimate interests as well as enhance wellbeing of its citizens as components of national security.   Speaking, one of the organizers of the programme, Mr Umar Abdulmalik, said the summit is a series of programmes aimed at engaging youths on security conversations through collaboration with security agencies. The Youth and Security Summit was attended by senior officers from the military, security agencies and paramilitary organizations. 
Anambra Governor - elect Soludo Inaugurates Transition Committee
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2022-01-21 07:15:02CategoriesState To enable the incoming administration, take off smoothly with a clear understanding of current state of governance, the Governor-Elect Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo has inaugurated the Anambra State 2022 Transition Committee. The committee  headed by the former World Bank executive and a one-time Minister of Education, Dr Oby Ezekwesili has eighty members chosen from within and outside the state on the benchmark of knowledge, character, excellence, diversity, integrity, inclusiveness and professionalism.   Inaugurating the committee at Golden Tulip Hotel Agulu, the Governor-Elect Professor Soludo outlined the terms of reference of the committee noting that he envisions an Anambra that will be more prosperous as the committee will see to a seamless transition and help the incoming administration take off smoothly. The Governor-Elect emphasized that having a peaceful, progressive and prosperous Anambra is the collective dream and collective responsibility of every onye Anambra, therefore, the need for everyone to own the growth and development of Anambra by contributing through selfless services.   He thanked the committee members for accepting to serve Anambra and encouraged them to co-opt anyone that would add value to the project. The Governor-Elect who described the transition as a friendly one, expressed his gratitude to Governor Obiano for his unflinching support.   Professor Soludo reiterated his earlier resolve to hit the ground running from day one with the support of everyone and assured to run an open and accountable administration. The state Commissioner for Budget and Economic Planning, Mr Mark Okoye took the gathering through vision, mission and strategic objectives, achievements, challenges and lesson learnt from the Obiano led administration.   The Committee Chairperson, Dr Oby Ezekwesili, while accepting the responsibility, thanked the Governor-Elect for the honour.   She highlighted ground rules, agenda and terms of reference of the transition committee and emphasized that their mission is to boost the effectiveness of the Governor-elect and the incoming government team to epitomize the ready-to-govern and build a livable and prosperous smart megacity. Dr Ezekwesili charged the committee members to be committed and dedicated to the task of building a great future for Ndi Anambra. 
ASUU COOU Lauds  Obiano On Development
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-21 07:10:22CategoriesState Representatives of the Academic community in Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University have extolled the giant strides of Governor Willie Obiano in the institution. Speaking on Nzuko Anambra, an ABS Radio audience Participatory programme in Awka the Chairperson of Progressives ASUU in Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Professor Osita Chiaghanam said the legacy projects of the Obiano administration in the University have placed it above its peers especially in the areas of provision of modern facilities for academic activities, regular payment of salaries and other emoluments. Professor Chiaghanam maintained that Teachers in the University will continue to reciprocate all the efforts of the State government to reposition the institution by being alive and committed to their duties. He re-assured that the academic staff of the university will continue to work towards ensuring seamless operation of the institutions academic calendar to ensure that its students graduate in a record time. Professor Chiaghanam said that since the State Government has continued to meet the demands of the university workers, Teachers in the university will have no immediate cause to associate themselves with any strikes. Another guest on the programme and Public Relations Officer of the ASUU Progressives in Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Professor Kingsley Nwozor while commending Governor Willie Obiano for bringing the State Government owned University to lime light, expressed satisfaction with the manner the Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Greg Nwakoby has been carrying both academic and non-academic staff along and reassured him of their unalloyed support. Some callers to the programme including Akpulue Chinwe from Nnobi and others who called from United States of America, Canada, among others described the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University as one of the best in terms of teaching, learning and research. 
US Collaborates With Nigerian In Promotion Of Cultural Heritage
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-21 07:08:46CategoriesNigeria Cultural property in Nigeria  have often times, been subjected to threats of pillage, destruction, and loss due to excavation, criminal activity, natural disasters, and subsistence digging.
Moved by the need to protect these artifacts of identification,  the United States and Nigeria signed a Memorandum of Understanding, MoU, that would launch a Cultural Property Agreement between both nations and facilitate continued cooperation with Nigerian law enforcement agencies and support efforts to identify, intercept, repatriate, and protect cultural property and related heritage.
The agreement will also promote the exchange of archaeological materials for scientific, cultural, and educational purposes with the aim of increasing public awareness for Nigerian cultural heritage.
Ambassador Mary Beth Leonard and Minister of Information and Culture Lai Mohammed signed the agreement at a ceremony attended by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, and U.S. Embassy representatives.
In her speech, Ambassador Leonard,  said the agreement will enhance already existing strong cooperation to preserve and maintain Nigerian cultural landmarks and sites through the Ambassador’s Fund for Cultural Preservation, AFCP, adding that the United States has partnered with the Nigerian government and state institutions to fund projects totaling over one million dollars including the one hundred and twenty five thousand dollars AFCP grant awarded in November 2021 to digitally survey and document the Busanyin Shrine located within the Osun Osogbo Sacred Grove.
According to her, another major investment include the four hundred thousand dollars AFCP grant for the conservation of the late 14th-Century Sungbo’s Eredo monument, which will use three-dimensional laser scanning technology to generate a precise topographic map covering a thousand square kilometers of the area occupied by the monument.
She said Cultural Property Agreements are administered worldwide by the U.S. Department of State’s Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs in partnership with other governments desiring enhanced cooperation in that field as the bilateral agreements support U.S. government efforts across different agencies and organizations to protect and preserve cultural heritage in host countries.
The US Ambassador counted some of such efforts to include denying critical financing to organizations that engage in illicit trade of artifacts and other cultural objects of value saying that the U.S. has signed Cultural Property Agreements with several countries in Africa including Egypt, Libya, Mali, and Morocco.
She described the agreement with Nigeria as a means of learning from the past and recording through it through the partnership to preserve, restore, and protect Nigeria’s diverse cultural heritage.
Two Alleged Armed Robbers Burnt By Onitsha Residents
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2022-01-20 07:33:50CategoriesState Two alleged armed robbers have met their waterloo as they were burnt beyond recognition by Onitsha residents beside Conoil Filling Station, along Enugu/Onitsha Express road. According to residents who spoke anonymously, the alleged armed robbers who came on a motorcycle, robbed undisclosed amount of money, phones and other items from some Awada residents ,and shot severally in the air to scare people before escaping, but unluckily for them,they were given a hot chase, and were captured after the MCC Junction. The residents placed the motorcycle on top of the armed robbers and burnt them . Some residents who witnessed the incident said the armed robbers were three but one escaped. It was also gathered that they came in the guise of enforcing sit-at-home order. 
ABS MD/CEO Nworah Bags APCON Fellowship, Details His Advertising Journey
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-01-20 07:31:23CategoriesState On Wednesday, 19th January, 2022, at Radisson Blu Hotel, Ikeja, Lagos, alongside other distinguished advertising practitioners, I was found worthy to be inducted as a Fellow (FRPA) of the advertising profession by the Advertising Practitioners Council of Nigeria (APCON). For us in the advertising industry, this is our own ‘SAN’ (Senior Advocate of Nigeria in the legal profession). This one is special, as it is home- grown. For me, it eclipses the Fellowship of the United Kingdom Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM) which I achieved few years back. It also counters the narrative that a prophet is not acknowledged in his land. My journey into the world of advertising started in the late 80s when as a young man growing up in Aba, Abia state (then Imo State), I chanced upon a book, ‘Advertising’, written by Winston Fletcher. I had gone to Milverton road, by Aba main motor park to buy the latest instalments of James Hadley Chase novels. Back then, for some reasons, the book sellers displayed the books on the sidewalk thus tasking potential book buyers to bend down and pick the title they wanted. I could never understand why they did that, and wondered why perhaps they could not display the books on a table. It was in the course of rummaging through the books displayed that I came across the Fletcher book. I picked it up instinctively and read the back cover. I became transfixed. I didn’t bother buying the Chase novels again, i bought the book instead and read it like a novel. I had left secondary school at the time, spending time doubling at my father’s building materials shop, and my mother’s two restaurants as an extra hand, while wondering what to do with my life. The natural choice for me of course was to apply through the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) to study Business Management at the local Imo State University, Aba Campus, as it then was, with the hope of joining the family business upon graduation. However, after reading the Fletcher book, it opened my eyes to the world of advertising. It had some sections on career advice, and courses to study in the university, including names and addresses of professional bodies that manage professional advertising, public relations, marketing and communication courses. I will go on to study Communication Arts at the University of Uyo, and also entered for the United Kingdom CAM professional Diploma examinations in Advertising at the same time. (I was later transferred by CAM to BEEC Diploma due to exchange rate challenges). I qualified about the same time I was finishing my undergraduate studies as the Best Advertising Student in Nigeria. This gave me extra career edge. Of course many other degrees and professional certifications would follow. While thanking God for making this possible, I want to appreciate several individuals, schools, and brands, too numerous to mention that have laid the foundation for me, inspired and encouraged me all through my career in advertising, branding and marketing communications, thus making it possible for me to work on the advertising agency, client (advertiser), and media sides of the advertising industry triangle. In no particular order, I want to thank my parents, Late Nze Edwin Nwora and his wife, my mother, Ezinne Gloria Nwora who though had no formal education made me to realise early on in life the importance of education. They never wavered in paying my university and professional examination fees. My father in particular, he would wake me up in the middle of the night to read. It was very convenient for him as my room was next to his in our house. I used to think that he got his kick whenever he saw my room lights on late nights and early mornings, and book pages flipping. That used to be a sure sign to him that I was burning the proverbial midnight candle (studying). To the amazing teachers and facilitators at the various academic and professional institutions that I have passed through; The University of Uyo, The University of Nigeria, Enugu Campus, University of Greenwich, London, National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University (COOU), formerly Anambra State University, The Chartered Institute of Marketing (CIM), United Kingdom, The Communication, Advertising and Marketing Foundation (CAM), United Kingdom, and the Business Education Examinations Council (BEEC). Chief George Moghalu, FRPA, who gave me the opportunity for the first time to experience advertising agency life in his firm, Crystal Functions Ltd, Aba (The only Association of Advertising Practitioners of Nigeria - AAPN, now Association of Advertising Agencies of Nigeria -AAAN agency in Aba at the time). He later supported me to set up the Advertising Students Association (ASA) in the department of Communication Arts, University of Uyo. He served as Patron and funded our activities for several years. Udeme Ufot and his team at SO & U Saatchi & Saatchi for their industry changing ads which inspired a generation.Julia Oku, then of Insight Communications Ltd (Insight Grey), and later of SO & U Saatchi & Saatchi whose award winning advertising copy for Vaseline, (If babies could talk, they would ask for the best) inspired me to become a copywriter. Biodun Shobanjo, founder of Insight Communications Ltd/Troyka Holdings for inspiring several generations and changing the face of advertising business in Nigeria. Lolu Akinwunmi of Prima Garnet Ogilvy for carrying the torch for another generation of advertising practitioners. Late May Nzeribe of Sunrise D’Arcy, affiliate Nigerian agency of the D’Arcy Massius Benton & Bowles (DMBB) global advertising network for giving me the opportunity to work in the agency in Client Services, Public Relations and Events.   London Metropolitan University where I taught Marketing Communications and Business Strategy in the Business School for several years. Mrs Cecilia Ibru, former Group Managing Director of Oceanic Bank International Plc who hired me as Manager, Corporate Affairs/Brand Communications, and later put me in charge of training in the bank as Pioneer Head of Oceanic Leadership Academy. Otunba Michael Adenuga, Chairman of Globacom for giving me the opportunity to manage Globacom’s multi-billion naira out-of-home advertising unit, in the Marketing Communications Department for 6 years. Chief Willie Obiano, Governor of Anambra state who hired me as MD/CEO of Anambra Broadcasting Service (ABS), and supported me and the organisation for 8 years to serve Ndi Anambra. I don’t take this APCON Fellowship privilege lightly, hence I have taken time to narrate my advertising journey hoping that it will inspire and encourage the present generation. I pledge to continue to do my very best as a Fellow to take the advertising profession in Nigeria and globally to even greater heights. Chief Uche Nworah, Ph.D, FCIM, FRPA, is the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service uchenworah@yahoo.com 
Court Adjourns Trial Of Nnamdi Kanu To February 16
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-20 07:19:59CategoriesNigeria Justice Binta Nyako of the federal High Court Abuja has adjourned the trial of leader of Indigenous people of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu to 16th February, 2022.   During today’s court case, Nnamdi Kanu denied committing any of the fifteen court terrorism charges brought against him by the federal government.   Following an observance of objection, the federal High Court in Abuja ordered that Kanu take his plea in the fifteen courts terrorism charges brought against him. 
March 17 Inauguration: Stakeholders  Commend Composition Of Transition Committee Of  Anambra Governor - elect Soludo
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2022-01-20 07:12:52CategoriesState Positive reactions have continued to trail the composition of an eighty-member transition committee that will see the seamless Inauguration of the in-coming Professor Chukwuma Soludo administration in March seventeenth. Speaking to the ABS on the composition, a chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA Chief Benjamin Ezeweputa described the transition committee made up of people with proven integrity and track records as a clear indication that the in-coming Governor Professor Soludo is visionary leader committed to good governance. Chief Ezeweputa who cautioned the people against criticizing those in leadership positions, expressed the hope that Governor Willie Obiano and the in-coming Governor Professor Soludo will synergize for more robust development in Anambra State. He paid glowing tribute to Governor Willie Obiano and his wife Dr Ebelechukwu for all their legacies in Anambra State and prayed God to continue to guide, protect and bless them. Another Chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA and Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Community liaison Chief Obi Ochije Muodilm, said that with the composition of an eighty member committee for the transition from Governor Willie Obiano to Professor Chukwuma Soludo administration headed by a one-time Minister of Education Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili the people of Anambra State should expect more goodies from the in-coming administration. Chief Ochije Muodilm who described the committee as all inclusive, called on Ndi Anambra to always support the Government by paying their tax and levies regularly. He said that the inclusion of a respected Professor of Awka extraction, Sir Austin Nnonyelu in the committee, is a clear indication that the government has the interest of Awka the State capital at heart. Chief Ochije Muodilm commended Governor Willie Obiano for all his developmental accomplishments in Awka especially the Awka city stadium and the ongoing Anambra International Convention center which he noted has brought Awka to more lime light. 
Bill To Regulate House Rent Passes First Reading In Senate
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-20 07:10:00CategoriesNigeria There are indications that tenants in the federal capital territory may soon heave a sigh of relief as the Nigeria Senate has initiated a process through legislation to regulate rents from one or two years first payment by tenants, to three months and subsequent monthly payments.
Indeed, the planned legislation passed first reading at Senate plenary on Tuesday.
 Sponsor of the bill, Senator Smart Adeyemi, APC Kogi West, gave an insight on the intendment of the bill to journalists after plenary, saying it is targeted at cushioning effect of outrageous rents on properties on poor residents in the Federal Capital Territory.
According to him, the bill when fully considered and passed into law, will regulate rent collections  from tenants to three months at first instance and subsequent monthly payments as against one , two or three years first payment being collected by property owners now with subsequent yearly rent payment renewal which many residents in the FCT are finding very difficult to cope with.
He revealed that the huge rent maybe why many of the houses are empty adding that the law is targeted at the welfare and wellbeing of the downtrodden , majority of whom elected those holding  public positions into offices.
Senate Adeyemi, lamented that some landlords always insist their tenants pay for one year or two years rent saying that it is wrong hence the need for the bill which will make it possible for Nigerians especially those living in Abuja residents to now pay rent on monthly  basis after the expiration of the initial three months.
“The law stipulates a maximum advanced rent payment of three months after which the tenants are expected to pay monthly.
He said there are many tenants whose salaries are competing with their rents because they live in cities like Abuja and as such, need the protection of the law to be able to meet their basic needs after paying rents.
The Senator stressed that many landlords did not secure loans to build their houses, but built them from what he termed free money acquired from the system, yet they make lives difficult for poor Nigerians who do not have such privilege of making money from the system to put up structures.
National Conference On  Security, Human Rights Holds In Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-20 07:08:18CategoriesNigeria Stakeholders converged on Abuja to brainstorm on the Security and human rights issues at a National Conference on the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.
The conference brought together top government functionaries, Civil Society Organisations and Non-Governmental Organizations to deliberate on the importance of these two key issues for development in Less Developed Countries
The one-day conference, with the theme to strengthen the implementation of voluntary principles on security and human rights in Nigeria beamed light on the obligation of governments of all less developed countries to promoting and preserving the well being of its citizenry.

Declaring open the discussions, the Minister of foreign affairs, Mr. Geoffrey Onyeama, represented by the Acting Director of International Organisations,  Ambassador Nasir Ameno said efforts of the Ministry has led to Nigeria becoming a permanent member of the voluntary principles Association which he hopes will aid requisite training and exchange of expertise in security and human rights related issues in Nigeria.
According to the Minister, the relationship between host communities and extractive sector particularly the Petroleum industries have been unfriendly owing to the problems of pollution and environmental damage which he said often disrupts the people's means of livelihood thereby breeding restiveness.

For the Co-Chair Nigeria Working Group, Dr Joel Bisina, it is the obligation of government to promote and preserve the well being of its citizens and as such, the conference is an for participants to discuss the importance of the principles, implementations and prospects of the voluntary principles on security and human rights especially as it relates to them.
He urged the federal government to create representative desk officials to enable the working group carry out its programmes and operations efficiently.
The Executive Secretary National Human Rights Commission Mr Tony Ojukwu who said that the Commission is working presently partnering the voluntary working groups in addressing human right issues in Nigeria called for all hands to be on deck in the fight against injustice.
For the country Representatives of Switzerland,  Australia,  and Canada,  Nigeria will benefit if she promotes and protects  human rights as the security and welfare of the masses should be the priority of government so as to maintain peace.
Commentary: Thumbs Up For Governor Obiano And His Wife, Osodieme
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-19 06:39:41CategoriesColumnist A lady soliloquist, while alighting from the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport yesterday, said, “I wish the duo of Chief Willie Obiano and his wife, Osodieme, could stay longer in office after March 17”. One might say she was thinking aloud or that it was a mere wishful thinking.
However, the fact remains that the couple has set indelible footprints on the sands of time. Chief Obiano has written his name in gold as a governor who transcended Anambra to an Eldorado state through his legacy projects and more, without borrowing or owing, not even workers. His wife, on the other hand is an epitome of charity, care, kindness and Mother Theresa of our Time.
Osodieme, like Barbara Taylor and Mother Theresa, is a woman who ascended to mountaintops, found the loftiest peaks, most wrapped in clouds and snow; she then found the surpassed and subdued mankind and looked down on the hate of those below. By her NGO, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ), Dr Mrs Obiano has built many new bungalows, equipped with bedding, furniture, bore holes, with over-head tanks and generators and handed over, free of charge, to indigent widows across Anambra State.
Founded on the wings of passion for helping the needy, CAFÉ has, so far, etched its name in gold in the pantheon of charitable organizations. Through CAFÉ, Mrs Obiano empowered women, particularly widows, youths, the disables, orphans, motherless babies and the hoi-poloi in the Society.
Driven by an unusual compassion and belief in the remarkable thoughts of John Bunyan’s in The Pilgrim’s Progress: “You have not lived today, until  you have done something for someone who can never repay you,” Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano has effectively used the CAFÉ platform to expand the frontiers of charitable giving like never seen before in these paths.
Mama Anambra has promoted hygiene and the dignity of women with campaign to stop Open Defecation and has constructed several modern public toilets in markets across the State. Also, to assist women in hard-to-reach communities, Osodieme has completed many water borehole projects to complement government efforts in water supply and hygiene.
In fact, the positive impact of the water projects attracted global recognitions and partnerships with reputable organizations to CAFE and appreciations of Dr. Mrs. Obiano’s charitable initiatives with conferment of awards as EU/UNICEF Water Health and Sanitation (WASH) Ambassador, as well as United Nations Peace Ambassador and Award from the Mayor of London Borough of Brent, among many others.
In the same vein, working in collaboration with Smile Train Incorporated, Osodieme has facilitated free corrective surgeries for hundreds of children and persons with congenital mouth disorders of Cleft lip and Cleft palate. In recognition of her selfless services through CAFÉ to cleft care, Mrs Obiano was made Smile Train Ambassador.
CAFÉ has also provided over 5,000 physically challenged persons with prosthetic limbs and mobility aides. Perhaps, the most impactful and enduring programme of the NGO is in the promotion of human capital development with over 6,000 beneficiary women, widows and physically challenged trained and empowered in various skills under its Skills Training and Empowerment programme.
Dr. Mrs Obiano provided them succor on different areas, such as Fashion and Designing, Hair dressing, Make Up Artist, Confectionary, Agriculture,  Production of Toiletries, Production of Household goods like Disinfectants, Mosquito repellents, Detergents,  Bar Soaps,  Liquid Soap, Air Fresheners, Sanitizers etcetera.
Also, in collaboration with the state Ministry of Women and Children Affairs, CAFÉ has successfully treated and repatriated back home over 150 cases of mentally challenged persons at its 77-bed facility at Nteje, thus ridding Anambra streets of stray mentally challenged persons.
There is no doubt therefore that Governor Willie Maduaburochukwu Obiano, Akpokuedike Global and his wife, Chief Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano, Osodieme are Siemens-Martin steel sent to Anambra to change the status constructus of the state. For sure, posterity will accord them befitting accolade.
Thank God they made the right choices in succession as Professor Chukwuma Soludo and his wife, Nonye, are equally good match. Suffice it to say that Anambra is a state after God’s heart.
WRITTEN BY COMRADE PETER NWOSU 
March 17 Handover: Transition Committee Members Expected To Arrive Golden Tulip Agulu Lake Hotel Today
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-19 06:30:34CategoriesState The transition committee members for the seventeenth March, 2022 transition from the Governor Willie Obiano’s administration to Professor Soludo-led administration are expected to arrive today, Wednesday, nineteenth January, 2022, at the Golden Tulip Agulu Lake Hotel, Agulu, for their inauguration and first plenary session. A release signed by the media assistant to Anambra State Governor-Elect, Mr. Joe Anatune has it that their departure will be on the twenty-third. According to the release, the governor-elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has officially appointed, a former minister of Education, Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili as the head of the committee, which will liaise with a team set up by Anambra State Government to ensure a seamless transition. Other members of the committee are, Professor Benedict Oramah, Right Honourable Uche Okafor, Professor Pat Utomi and Professor Chidi Odinkalu. Others are Mr. Steve Nworga, Chief Osita Chidoka, Honourable Ben Nwankwo, Honourable Charles Odedo, Barrister Tony Ifeanya and seventy others. The full terms of reference for the committee as well as its mode of operation will be communicated to the members during their inauguration and first plenary session. 
Bishop Ezeofor Tasks FG On Equitable Distribution Of National Resources To Accelerate Development 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-19 06:27:50CategoriesState The federal government has been urged to introduce more measures that will alleviate the suffering of the masses. The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor, who made the call at Immanuel Parish Ezinifite, Aguata Local Government Area during a pastoral visit, regretted the hardship the people are passing through in a country that claimed to be the giant of Africa. Bishop Ezeofor, who blamed the problem of the Nigerian Nation on bad leadership, and lack of consistency in government programmes and policies, called for an equitable distribution of the Nation's resources for enhanced development of the country. Right Reverend Ezeofor, who is also the national chairman of the Evangelical Fellowship in the Anglican Communion, EFAC, Nigeria, equally canvassed for the adherence of Federal Character Principle in offering federal appointments to ensure the representation of different geopolitical zones in the country. The Anglican prelate, who regretted the fluctuating pump price of petroleum products in the country that is richly blessed with crude oil deposit, called for the revamping of all the nation's refineries to stop the situation of exporting the nation's crude abroad and later import it to sell to users. He however charged Christians not to be deterred in view of numerous challenges facing the country reminding them to always anchor their trust and faith in God. In a remark the Archdeacon of Ezinifite Archdeaconry and Vicar of Immanuel Parish, Venerable David Obiagboso, who thanked Bishop Ezeofor for the visit, charged Christians to always maintain their pride as the salt and light of the earth by engaging in acts that will win souls for Christ. The service, which was attended by the president of Aguata Diocesan Women's Ministry, Mrs. Chinyere Ezeofor among others, featured a special prayer session for God's intervention in the series of challenges facing the country. 
2023 General  Elections: INEC Holds Consultative Meeting In Abuja, Restates Preparedness For Exercise
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-19 06:26:07CategoriesNigeria The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has reiterated its preparedness for the 2023 general elections holding in three hundred and ninety-six days. The chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, who disclosed this while addressing political parties at the first quarter consultative meeting at Abuja, pledged to cooperate and support the umbrella body of political parties in Nigeria, the Inter-Party Advisory Council, IPAC as enshrined in its Code of Conduct. Professor Yakubu noted that the commission will soon announce the actual dates for the collection of the Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, nationwide as it is presently undertaking the most comprehensive clean-up of data to ensure that only eligible citizens are added to the voters’ register for the 2023 General Elections. He implored political leaders to continue to encourage eligible voters, who have not registered, those, who wish to transfer from their present Polling Unit to new ones or those, who have any reason to apply for a new voter's card to do so immediately. The INEC boss, who reeled out some guidelines for party primaries, reechoed the need for political parties to uphold transparent and rancour-free primaries adding that political parties must also respect INEC chosen dates for the primaries. Speaking on the Electoral Amendment Bill currently before the National Assembly, the INEC Chairman said that as soon as it is signed into law, the commission will release the timetable and schedule of activities for the 2023 General Elections based on the new law. In an address, the national chairman, IPAC, Engineer Yusuf Sani, commended the leadership of INEC for its relentless commitment in the entrenchment of democracy in the country through innovations and application of science and technology in the conduct of elections. He promised that in their capacity as leaders of political parties, they can bear testimony to the diligence and efficiency shown by INEC in the distribution of electoral materials and deployment of personnel in the conduct of the Anambra State Governorship Election especially the impacts of the application of the Voter Enrollment Device and the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System, BVAS, which cumulatively resulted in the smooth conduct of the election among other technological devices hence, widely acclaimed by stakeholders and observers as transparent, credible, free and fair. 
Anambra Assembly Speaker Okafor Felicitates With Former Commonwealth Scribe Anyaoku @ 89
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2022-01-19 06:22:43CategoriesState The Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has described the former Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, Chief Emeka Anyaoku as the pride of the African nations at the International Community. Felicitating with Chief Anyaoku on his eighty-nineth birthday, Right Honourable Okafor noted that Chief Anyaoku discharged his duties at the Commonwealth creditably and was recognized by various organs of the International Community. He extolled the advisory roles played by Chief Anyaoku in Nigeria and Anambra State in particular where he has continued to use his wealth of experience to advance good governance. The Speaker maintained that despite Chief Anyaoku's foreign engagements and education, he remains a true Igbo man, adding that the nineteen communities in Idemili had honoured him as their illustrious son with the chieftaincy title of "Ugwumba Idemili". Right Honourable Okafor prayed God to continue to strengthen Chief Anyaoku and give him longevity and the grace to continue his service to God and humanity. 
AFCON: Nigeria Battles Guinea - Bissau In Last Group Match Today
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-19 06:21:03CategoriesSport The Super Eagles of Nigeria will today take on Guinea-Bissau in their last group match at eight o’clock in evening at the ongoing AFCON in Cameroon. The Super Eagles, who lead Group D on six points, have already cemented their place in the knock out phase. The match will be an opportunity for the fringe players to make their claim in the competition. The other Group D match will see the Pharoah's of Egypt take on their Sudanese counterpart at same eight o’clock in evening simultaneously. Meanwhile the Nigeria Golf Federation, NGF, has unveiled a ninety-five-year-old PaJames Omolaso as the oldest Nigerian golfer. The NGF, led by Otunba Olusegun Runsewe, presented London-based Pa Omolaso after he had a few holes at the IBB International Golf and Country Club, Abuja. Pa Omolaso, who revealed that he had always been involved in sports from his time in college in Nigeria, advised people, who wanted to live long to exercise regularly and care for other people. 
Anambra State Government Felicitates With Anyaoku at 89
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2022-01-19 06:18:01CategoriesState The Anambra state government has felicitated with the former Secretary General of Commonwealth of Nations Chief Emeka Anyaoku, as he turns 89 A statement signed by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment Mr C. Don Adinuba said the government and people of Anambra State celebrate the global citizen who thinks home and is in every sense exemplary. According to Mr Adinuba Chief Anyaoku is one of the most decorated Africans in modern history, as exemplified by 34 honorary doctoral degrees he has received from various local and foreign universities, noting that Chief Anyaoku’s tenure as the Commonwealth chief executive from 1990 to 2000 is spoken about throughout the world in nostalgic terms.   The statement recalled that being one of the most respected voices across the globe, Chief Anyaoku has served as the president of the Worldwide Foundation and on the board of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London while a professorial chair of international studies has long been established in his honour at the University of London, noting that as  a  patriot , he relocated to Nigeria on retirement from the Commonwealth and has become the conscience of the nation through his various speeches and writings on critical national issues as well as involvement in different patriotic activities.   It observed that despite his towering international and national achievements, Chief Anyaoku has his two feet planted in Anambra’s soil and played a most significant part in stopping the mayhem of November, 2003, during which institutions of government and has been serving Anambra people in various other ways including leadership of the Anambra State Council of Elders  which has been marked with great understanding, wisdom, knowledge and dignity and has also demonstrated great love for his Obosi community, thereby inspiring other eminently successful individuals to identify with theirs, noting that he always spends the Christmas holidays in his Obosi town, and his presence frequently attracts local and international statesmen to the community.   The statement added that Chief Anyaoku took the initiative to bring together a team of professional historians to write an authoritative book on the history of his hometown which resulted in the publication in 2015 of the well-received and well produced book, The History of Obosi: From the Earliest Times to the Present, which he sponsored as well as began a few years ago the building of an edifice in his hometown for the Emeka Anyaoku Foundation to work in collaboration with the Emeka Anyaoku Centre for Global Studies at Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka  which will house a large library and a museum, among other facilities, is now completed.   It said Governor Willie Obiano and Anambra Governor - elect Professor Chukwuma Soludo have called on the former Commonwealth chief executive to wish him a rewarding birthday. 
2023 Elections: Igbo World Assembly, PANDEF, Others Intensify Advocacy For Power Shift
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-19 06:14:52CategoriesState Ahead of the 2023 general elections, more socio-cultural organizations have intensified advocacy in support of Ndịgbo to produce the next president of Nigeria. The groups restated their stand during the launch of the Power Shift Movement and forty million ballot in Awka, hosted by the president, Youths Off the Street Initiative, YOTSI, Mr. Kennedy Iyere. Correspondent Paul Ezeoke reports that while speaking at the event, the President of Igbo World Assembly, Dr Nwachukwu Anakwenze said other geo-political zones in the country should give Ndịgbo total support to produce the next president to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in the spirit of fairness and equity. Dr Anakwenze noted that Ndịgbo are builders and could bring out the best in Nigerians with respect for constituted authorities, adding that Igbo presidency would entrench strategic vision and more efficient national economic policy that would elevate the country to greater height. He maintained that an Igbo president would use his sense of industry and enterprising disposition to evolve creative planning and innovative programmes that would accelerate overall development of the country as well as give all Nigerians a sense of belonging. Also speaking, the Secretary General eneral of apex Yoruba socio-cultural group, Afenifere, Chief Sola Ebiseni, who represented the leader of the Yoruba Nation, Chief Ayo Adebanjo, said the group is in support of the southeast producing the next president and stressed the need for restructuring. Contributing, the leader of Pan Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, Chief Edwin Clark, represented by the group’s national publicity secretary, Mr. Kenneth Robinson, said the Niger Delta was in support of the southeast producing the successor to President Buhari, but asked that Ndịgbo should champion the course. For the leader of the Tiv Nation, Chief Iorbee Ihagh, his people have agreed that the presidency should go to south and the southeast in particular. Earlier, Mr. Iyere, said theforty million ballot is a revolutionary platform driven by the youths to address the issue of the next president of the country. 
Commentary: A Sage, Chief Simon Nwachukwu Ezekwe Takes A Glorious Bow
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-18 07:03:36CategoriesColumnist Ezeana Awelle Nkonadi, Ezeana Ononikpo Ozo, Ezeana Ozomma, Ezeana Eluemeze, Ezeana Ofulu ozo; a griot takes his final goodbye.
Chief Simon Nwachukwu Ezekwe was born on March 19, 1933 to Chief Ohuchalu and Mrs Akuejesi Ezekwem of Ezenwoye village, Nnukwu Clan in Adazi Nnukwu of present day Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra state. He was born a member of the Roman Catholic faith and was baptized on July 7, 1933. His late father, Ohuchalu Ezekwem Eyisi Ofulu Ume was a well-established business man and philanthropist.
Chief Simon grew up amongst 6 siblings and is survived by just one of them, his younger sister, Mrs Christie Nwogu. Unfortunately, his father died on February 10, 1950, leaving a teenage 17-year-old Simon marooned in a crisis of self-identification.
A determined Simon, braced himself, picked up and faced his life challenges stoically, traversing all over Nigeria in search of the Golden Fleece; from the plains of northern Nigeria to the shores of South South in Calabar, where he met and married his wife, Helen Ezekwe, nee Igboko, now late. Together, they had four children of which one is now late and 3 are alive and thriving.
The advent of the civil war disrupted and interrupted his plans, forcing him to abandon his business in Calabar to seek refuge in the southeastern part of Nigeria.
Immediately after the war, Chief Simon Ezekwe moved his family to Aba and reestablished himself as a consummate businessman. He established series of businesses at Portharcourt, Aba and Calabar. Chief Simon ran these businesses successfully till he retired and relocated back to the village. In the village, he assumed a position as a clan chief till his demise recently.
Chief Simon Ezekwe was a very wise man, an orator and a family man. He also served his community, Adazi Nnukwu, in various platforms, offering wise counsel at critical moments. He was also a historian and repository of knowledge and culture.
The tenure of Chief Simon Ezekwe as clan chief witnessed a lot giant strides, chief amongst them was stability and peace in the clan and Adazi Nnukwu in general.
In early 2016, Chief Simon Ezekwe was formally inducted into the prestigious Ozo title society of Adazi Nnukwu. He was also officially confirmed a clan chief early last year; a position he held till his death on August 26, 2021.
Late Chief Simon Nwachukwu Ezekwe is survived by 3 children and 9 grand-children. He was 88 years old. Funeral rites in line with the traditional ozo burial rites started yesterday and will end on Thursday, January 20, 2022.
May his gentle soul continue to find solace in the bosom of the Almighty, Amen.
WRITTEN BY EMEKA EZEKWE
Commentary: WINCO Foam And Great Comfort
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2022-01-18 07:01:13CategoriesColumnist Winco Foam, one of the conglomerates of G.I. Okafor and Sons Limited, is, no doubt, is a household name in Nigeria. Due to its quality products, Winco foam has been receiving commendations from both corporate organizations and individuals. The Standards Organization of Nigeria, SON, had issued the company a Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) certificate.
The certificate, which is awarded to companies that have passed the standardization tests on quality production, is in conformity with the production guidelines issued solely by SON.
Winco Foam Industries Limited was incorporated in 1983. Since then, the company has been living up to its goal of adding more comfort to people's life. The company uses latest technology to give quality products of international best standards to the people.
Winco Foam Industries Limited has a good and standard laboratory, in addition to safety assurance. Its products include: ‘Winco Delight’, ‘Winco Comfort’ and ‘Winco Gold’. All these have one year warranty. Other mattresses are ‘Winco Splendor’ and ‘Winco Merit’, which have one year warranty each. ‘Winco Elegant’ has three years warranty, while ‘Winco Orthopedia’ gives ten years warranty.
‘Winco Grandeur’, which gives five years warranty, is a pride to special homes. There are, of course, ‘Winco Classic Pillow’, ‘Winco Super Pillow’ and ‘Winco Elegant Pillow’, with guaranteed qualities. Winco Foam Industries Limited also has Winco Hospital Mattress, Winco Cradle Mattress, Winco Bunk Mattress, Winco Porta Mat and Winco Topper Mat.
There are also uncovered foams for cushions underlay as well as foam sheets and blocks. Because of its quality production, the company has been receiving awards and accolades from far and near, including the one by the Institute for Government Research and Leadership Technology, which conferred an award on ‘Winco Foam Elegant Mattress Bond’ for its quality.
However, Winco Foam Industries Limited has some challenges facing its development, including poor power supply, counterfeiting and imitation of its products by unscrupulous elements. The use of generators has inhibited its capacity to meet the increasing demands of its consumers.
Other challenges are the high cost of production, influx of fake foams into the country, regulatory problems, among others. Although the odds against manufacturers in the foam industry have grown, making it difficult for some to break even, yet, Winco Foam has been able to weather the storms.
Winco foams are sold to the industrial sector for sound proofing, furniture manufacturing or for resell. They are also available for schools, hotels, and hospitals. Despite the high cost of raw materials, the prices of Winco Foam products are still stable.
Customers can place their orders on line at www.wincofoam.com. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Dr. Godwin Ifeanyichukwu Okafor, is a one-time President of Foam Manufacturers Association of Nigeria. He hails from Isuofia in Aguata and has, through the company, which has branches in Awka, Lagos, and Abuja, employed over eight thousand people.
For using the Company in alleviating poverty in the state, our prayer is that the Almighty God will continue to strengthen Dr. Godwin Okafor and give him more wisdom as he pilots the affairs of the frontline Foam Manufacturing Company in Nigeria.
Winco foam has opened a showroom in Awka office, at Agu-Awka Industrial Layout. Those who are into hospitality industry, hospitals, maternities, schools with boarding facilities, among others, are advised to visit the Awka office to make purchases as the Company has opened for business this year. The Management of Winco Foam is wishing all her numerous customers a prosperous 2022.
Winco - foam for great comfort!
INEC Holds Sensitization Forum For Broadcast Media Practitioners In FCT, Tasks Stakeholders On Low Voter Turnout 
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-18 06:59:38CategoriesNigeria The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has asked stakeholders in the electoral process to rise up to the challenge of voter mobilization for elections so as to tackle the problem of low voter turnout on election day.
The Commission threw the challenge at a one-day sensitization forum for Broadcast Media Practitioners in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, on the forthcoming Area Council elections scheduled for Saturday twelfth February, 2022.
The National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye., while declaring open the Sensitization Forum, observed that  the Commission is mandated by Section two of the Electoral Act two thousand and ten as amended to conduct Voter and Civic Education, to promote sound  knowledge of democratic election process.

He however noted that voter mobilization and getting out the voters is one of the principal responsibilities of the Political Parties just as the Media and Civil Society Organisations must continue to assist and engage in multi-stakeholder action to encourage voter participation and engagement.
He disclosed that the FCT elections will also be conducted in the newly created polling units across the six Area Councils, and also reaffirmed that the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System, BVAS and INEC Result Viewing Portal, IREV, will be deployed for the purposes of voter accreditation and uploading of polling unit results.

The Resident Electoral Commissioner, REC, for the FCT, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, said preparations for the Area Council elections are in top gear explaining that the Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, of new registrants have been printed and are now being distributed and encouraged those that applied for transfer or damaged PVCs to approach the Commission’s Area Council offices and collect their PVCs.
The REC also explained that stakeholder engagements, grassroot sensitization in collaboration with CSOs and other pre-elections activities ahead of the elections are on course.
He appealed to members of the Media to see the successful conduct of the elections as a priority and canvased their support through citizen’s sensitization and mobilization.
Earlier in a welcome address, the Chief Press Secretary to the INEC Chairman, Rotimi Oyekanmi, underscored the importance of the Media to elections hence the Forum which according to him, was put together due to INECs “deep respect for the media as a critical and indispensable partner in the electoral process”.
He urged the media to use their immense powers for good cause, continue to support INEC to conduct free, fair, credible, and inclusive elections adding that INEC is always open to constructive but not destructive criticisms.
On his part, the Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) FCT Council, Emmanuel Ogbeche, applauded INEC for its continuous recognition of the place of the media in social mobilization and participation especially in the electoral process.
He called on journalists to see the engagement as a patriotic duty of using their various platforms and programmes to harp on the electoral process, while urging the Commission not lose sight of the business aspect of the media.
Anambra State Govt Restates Ban On Bumps On Roads
AuthorNNEKA ANOLIEFODate2022-01-18 06:57:00CategoriesState The state government has restated its ban on illegal erection of bumps on roads across the state. A release signed by the commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor frowned on the activities of some communities in the state, who on their own erect illegal bumps on roads under the guise of controlling the speed of vehicles. The release further warned that these illegal bumps constructed on roads built by the state government with tax payers’ money, contribute to the dilapidation of the roads. It however called on Presidents General, Ndi Igwe and other stakeholders to support the efforts of the government to stop the erection of bumps on roads in their communities as government will not hesitate to introduce measures including prosecuting identified destroyers of public assets. 
Obiano Restates  Need For Collective Efforts To Sustain Community Development
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2022-01-18 06:54:59CategoriesState Anambra State Governor, Chief Dr. Willie Obiano has restated his call on the people to continue to support the government in achieving all-round development of various communities in the state. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that Governor Obiano made the call at Ihiala during a social function. Represented by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-Don Adinuba, Governor Obiano noted that Anambra State will surpass expectations in sustainable development if more people embrace the aku-lue-uno clarion call of the present administration. He recalled various contributions of the church in the development of the state, adding that the Church has remained strong partner in the development of Igbo nation, hence the reason his administration has continued to support churches in various ways. 
Buhari To Unveil Rice Pyramid In Abuja Today 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-18 06:52:25CategoriesNigeria President Muhammadu Buhari will today, unveil one million bags of rice paddy stacked as pyramids at Abuja. Considered to be the biggest of its type in Africa, the pyramids are located on the grounds of the Abuja Chamber of Commerce and Industries on Airport Road. The rice pyramids were built with one million bags of rice paddy planted and harvested from states across the country under the Anchor Borrowers’ Programme, ABP. The bags of rice paddy that formed the pyramids were recovered from farmers in lieu of cash to pay back for the loans they collected under the ABP. The Anchor Borrowers’ Programme of the CBN was launched in November 2015 to bring relief to farmers and impact the value chain of different crops in Nigeria. 
Mrs Obiano Urges Anambra Women To Give Mrs Soludo Total Support 
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2022-01-18 06:50:46CategoriesState Wife of the governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano says despite the ups and downs that come with politics, Anambra women and children gave her fond moments to cherish forever. Dr Mrs. Obiano, who stated this in an interview with the ABS, disclosed that in her eight years as the governor's wife, women and children have been focal in her policies, and added verve to her social programs. She testified that she enjoyed every moment spent with Anambra Women and Children, and hailed them for the unique honour that she enjoyed from them, especially during her annual tour of the twenty-one local government areas of the state which spanned across eight years. The governor's wife also stated that she looked forward to continuing her charity reach-outs outside politics, an avenue to also catch up with Anambra women and the less privileged ones. Dr Mrs. Obiano called on the women to give similar support that they accorded her to wife of the governor-elect, Mrs. Nonye Soludo, adding that she was certain that she will carry them along in her agenda. 
2023: Former INEC Chairman Jega Backs Electoral Bill
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-18 06:48:14CategoriesNigeria A former chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, Professor Attahiru Jega, has urged President Muhammadu Buhari and the National Assembly to pass the electoral bill so that the electoral body can prepare for the 2023 general elections. Professor Jega, who made the call during the Citizens Town Hall Meeting organized by Yiaga Africa, stated that “the bill contains quite a lot of good interventions” and the issue of direct or indirect primaries should not be made to deter the electoral process. He further lamented that the commission had a short period to put a lot of its mechanisms together for the conduct of the elections asking the federal government to give INEC the law to begin the preparations for the 2023 elections since it made thirty-six recommendations in the new electoral bill. Professor Jega also noted that members of the National Assembly “perceive or know for a fact that governors manipulate indirect primaries” and are looking for a way to liberate the primaries. 
Former Ukraine's President Poroshenko Returns To Face Treason Charges
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-18 06:46:55CategoriesForeign Ukraine’s former president, Mr. Petro Poroshenko has returned to Kyiv to face treason charges in a criminal case he claimed was fabricated by the allies of his successor, Volodymyr Zelenskyy. Mr. Poroshenko arrived at Zhuliany Airport in the Ukrainian capital on Monday having travelled from Warsaw and was greeted by thousands of cheering supporters. His return sets up a showdown with Zelenskyy’s government in what observers say is an ill-judged distraction at a time when Ukraine is bracing for what it fears may be an imminent Russian military offensive and appealing to Western allies for support. Poroshenko is expected to head straight to court, where he faces a ruling on whether he will be remanded in custody pending investigation and trial, nevertheless his assets have been frozen as part of a probe into the allegations of high treason as he faces up to fifteen years in prison if convicted.   
Anambra State Chief Fire Officer Agbili Urges Residents To Uphold Fire Safety Consciousness
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2022-01-18 06:43:33CategoriesState Anambra State Chief Fire Officer, Engineer Martin Agbili has called for more vigilance amidst the emerging reports of fire incidents across the state. Engineer Agbili made the call during the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, flagship Radio and Television phone-in program, Nzuko Anambra. Correspondent Blessing Uchendu reports that the dry season comes with its own peculiarities and a brief period of harmattan occasioned by cold and dusty weather from the Sahara Desert. The season is also known for hot weather, causing severe dryness, which most times trigger illnesses, easily carry and spread fire. Speaking on the precautionary measures, Engineer Agbili explained that most of the fire incidents that occur during this period are caused mainly by human activities and not mostly due to the climate condition and emphasized that people must take serious precautions to prevent fire incidents. On how to curtail fire outbreaks during the season, Engineer Agbili advised people to cut grass around their houses at least twenty feet away, ensure that gas cylinders are always kept outside, switch off all electrical appliances when not in use to avoid power surge. He also stated that the Anambra Fire Service is always prepared for any fire emergency in any part of the state and urged Ndi Anambra to keep firefighting equipment handy and raise alarm during any of such emergencies. Engineer Agbili further called on residents to call this emergency line 09077044410 in the event of any fire incident. 
Cleric Nebeife Tasks Christians On Love, Unity
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-17 06:51:35CategoriesState The Vicar of Saint Paul's Catholic Church, Abba, Njikoka Local Government Area, Reverend Father Jude Nebeife has reminded Christians that God demands that they make efforts to attract His blessings. In his homily during a Holy Mass at the Church, Reverend Father Nebeife said the miracle in Canaan was possible because people listened and obeyed by performing the task of filling empty jars as Jesus' mother, Mary advised. Religion Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor-Okoye reports that Reverend Father Nebeife regretted the dearth of love and unity among Christians, whom he urged to live according to God's dictates, and be the Jesus Christ others see daily. While encouraging Christians to support one another in using God's gifts to serve Him and mankind, Reverend Father Nebeife assured that God is ever faithful in his promises to man, urging Christians to remain steadfast in resolutions taken for new year. At Saintt Augustine's Anglican Church, Abba, the Vicar, Venerable Daniel Onwuka, who spoke on the theme, "manifesting His glory", said there is nothing God cannot do for mankind, recalling how Jesus Christ turned water into wine in Canaan when all human efforts had failed, signifying that Christ power is supreme. Venerable Onwuka urged those doubting what God can do in their life challenges to have a rethink, assuring that God is ever faithful to his promises to mankind. He further called for steadfastness, dedication and persistence to the things of God, noting that Christians should pray ceaselessly to overcome challenges that might come their way. 
Commentary: Anambra Airport Continues To Rise
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-17 06:43:04CategoriesColumnist The performance of the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, which officially opened for scheduled and non-scheduled flight operations on December 7, 2021, has performed beyond expectation following the massive support of the Governor Willie Obiano administration
For instance, in just one month of its operations, the airport recorded one hundred and fifty-two flights. During this period, only 1 flight was cancelled and another diverted to a neighbouring airport.
A statement from the management of the airport said three thousand, eight hundred and sixty-five passengers passed through the airport during the period. This statistics is, no doubt, unprecedented and unequalled, even by older airports. It has vindicated the progressives who projected that the Anambra Airport would be one of the busiest in Africa.
It would be recalled that the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport was built in record time of fifteen months by the outgoing Governor Willie Obiano administration after failed attempts by previous administrations. Remarkably, it is not only that high intensive capital project was constructed without borrowing or owing, it was constructed alongside other capital intensive projects such as the thirteen thousand sitting capacity International Convention Centre, FIFA-standard City Stadium among others.
At the moment, only Airpeace and United Nigeria Airlines have started operations at the airport. It has also hosted a presidential jet when, on December 30th, the Minister of Labour and Employment, and former Governor of Anambra state, Dr. Chris Ngige, landed at the airport with his entourage.
Other prominent Nigerians have also landed at the airport with private jets, including Senator Andy Ubah, who contested for Anambra gubernatorial elections under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the November 6, 2021 Anambra gubernatorial elections, although an Abuja High Court later ruled that the party had no candidate in that election.
Aviation experts believe that passenger and cargo traffic will increase as soon as the other approved airlines begin operations. Furthermore, Governor Willie Obiano will soon take delivery of three hi-tech fire tenders built to specification for the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri.
The state Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-Don Adinuba, who disclosed this, said the equipment are due in Anambra this week. The fire engines, built by Ziegler Company, Germany, a leading provider for firefighting and emergency management solutions, are expected to arrive Anambra State soon to add to the requirements needed to lift restrictions placed on the airport by the NCAA. And when the restrictions are lifted, more airlines will start operations there, thereby increasing patronage.
Understandably, Governor Obiano is leaving no stone unturned in making sure that the Anambra Airport functions optimally for the good of Ndị Anambra, Ndị Igbo and indeed all Nigerians. This is because the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri is one of the legacy projects of the Obiano administration. The Governor has been commended by Ndị Anambra and many Nigerians for fulfilling a promise that eluded his people for less than three decades.
The fact that flights from Air Peace and United Nigeria Airways repeatedly landed at the airport throughout the yuletide, bears testimony of a people’s pride, fully restored. In days to come and as other airlines start flight operations at the airport, the promise of a future in full flight, the catalyst for a livable and prosperous homeland, would have been fulfilled, courtesy of the visionary leader, Governor Obiano.
Notably, airports change the status of a state and region in any part of the world. According to a poet, Atticus, there is something magic about airports; it is like standing in a room with a thousand doors. Airports make everyone feel like passer-through, like a visitor, like an outsider, and this is comforting in its honesty.
In all honesty, Governor Obiano has changed the status of Anambra with the construction of not just an airport but an international cargo and passenger airport. Indeed, Akpokuedike has written his name in gold in the state.
WRITTEN BY DR NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Alumni Association Donates Nursing Mother Centre, Students' Convenience To Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2022-01-17 06:34:17CategoriesState A multi-million-naira Ultramodern Nursing Mother Centre and Students' Convenience have been donated to Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, by the institution's Alumni Association, Lagos Island Chapter. The commissioning of the first alumni project, which took place at the faculty of Education, attracted members of the alumni association from within and outside Anambra State, members of the university community, friends and well-wishers. In her address, the chairperson of the Lagos Island Chapter of the association, Princess Amaka Obi, explained that the chapter was created to change the mindset of the alumni and awaken in them the spirit of nationalism and philanthropic commitment to the university. She revealed that many tertiary institutions in Nigeria do not have students’ conveniences and student nursing mother center hence the need to provide the facility for UNIZIK for the comfort of the students. Princess Amaka , while unveiling measures to maintain the facility, also disclosed other projects the alumni is coming up with to include Alumni office and scholarships for UNIZIK students as ways of giving back to the institution that made them. The guest speaker, Professor Emeka Ezeonu, commended Princess Amaka and Lagos Island Chapter for being the first alumni association chapter to build a facility in the university noting that alumni associations are major wealth Nigeria is yet to tap into. Responding, the vice-chancellor, Professor Charles Esimone, appreciated the alumni association for coming up with strategies to help the university through Think-Home Philosophy and for completing the facility in a record time. Also speaking, the father of the day,  Dr Raymond Obieri represented by Honourable Izuchukwu Mba, expressed  satisfaction that the project which began in 2020 is now a reality, and commended UNIZIK Vice-Chancellor for providing the enabling environment. Correspondent Queen Anigbogu reports that the facility was officially commissioned by Professor Esimone on behalf of the patron of the association, Dr Frank Okafor while dancing by artisan women group added colour to the event. 
Novak Djokovic Deported From Australia
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-17 06:28:39CategoriesSport A tennis star, Novak Djokovic has been deported from Australia after losing a last-ditch court bid to stay in the country. Judges rejected a challenge launched by the unvaccinated star after the government cancelled his visa on "health and good order" grounds. Djokovic, who accepted the ruling and left on a flight to Dubai yesterday, said he was extremely disappointed. It marks the end of a ten-day saga, in which Djokovic fought to stay to defend his title in the Australian Open. The Australian Open could have seen Djokovic make history by winning his twenty-first Grand Slam. Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison welcomed "the decision to keep our borders strong and keep Australians safe". Italy's Salvatore Caruso, ranked one hundred and fiftieth in the world, is the lucky loser, who will now replace Djokovic in his match against Serbia's Miomir Kecmanovic on Monday. 
Nnewi Residents Decry Hike In Okada Fares
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-17 06:25:44CategoriesState Residents of Nnewi have expressed disappointment on what they described as unusual and unpatriotic commercial motorcycles, Okada fare increase during Christmas and New Year festivities. Based on the situation, some of the aggrieved commuters,called for an Okada ban in Nnewi and to allow tricycles,otherwise known as Keke, to replace them. They accused Okada operators of frustrating residents’ as well as returnees’ movement within and outside the industrial city because of high Okada fare despite the fact that there was no pump price increase of petroleum products during the season. They frowned that it is most unpatriotic for the Okada riders to deliberately increase their fares by over two hundred per cent to make things difficult for both the residents and returnees. An investigation revealed that most of the Okada riders during the festive period tripled their fares irrespective of the destination as a place that usually cost two hundred naira became six hundred to eight hundred naira. Reacting, the chairman, Motorcycle Transport Union of Nigeria, MTUN, Anambra State branch, Comrade Jude Udegbe, absolved members of his union of deliberately hiking transport fare. He blamed it on the high cost of food items and motorcycle spare parts as members bought things from the same market as others and would not meet up if their fares were not adjusted to swell their pockets. 
Anambra Govt Extols Contributions Of  Former Finance Minister Okongwu, Others
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-17 06:22:02CategoriesState The government and people of Anambra State are celebrating rather than mourning the departure of three of their notable indigenes, who joined their maker in the last few days. A release signed by the commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba listed the deceased to include Dr Chukwuka Okongwu, Chief Guy Ikoku and Mrs. Helena Okoye, who departed in their eighties and more importantly, were accomplished and fulfilled as individuals. According to the release, while Dr Okongwu, eighty-seven from Nnewi was a former Minister of Finance, Economic Planning, Cabinet Affairs, Petroleum Resources and Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning in old East Central State, Chief Ikoku eighty-five years from Oba, Idemili South Local Government Area, was a veteran lawyer, political activist and chairman of the ruling Nigerian Peoples Part, NPP, in old Anambra State during the Second Republic. For the late Mrs. Okoye, eighty-seven years from Agulu, Anaocha Local Government Area was the mother of Dr Ifeanyi Okoye, pharmacist, founder and chairman of the Juhel business group and also the mother of Dr Francis Okoye, a former member of the State House of Assembly. The release further disclosed that Governor Willie Obiano has already called the Okongwu, Ikoku and Okoye families to commiserate with them over the deaths of their esteemed members while in the same manner, the Anambra State Governor-Elect, Professor Chukwuma Soludo also sent his condolence messages to the bereaved families, asking them to bear the losses with equanimity. 
Commentary: Need To Imbibe The Igbo ‘Aku Luo Uno’ Philosophy
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2022-01-16 07:53:08CategoriesColumnist Every year, during the yuletide, millions of Ndigbo journey to the motherland from different parts of the world where they reside, work, or trade. This homecoming mindset, sometimes, has some spiritual connotations.
For many, it is a time to share, commune, and recharge for the coming year, and to give thanks to God for His blessings.  For others, the annual homecoming is an opportunity to re-connect with friends and family, and contribute to community development projects.
During the annual homecoming in many parts of Igbo land, many activities take place. For example, it is a time for many to join their age grade. The age grade system is another culturally relevant social system in Igbo land which appears to be waning. The system helps in cultural propagation, maintenance of law and order, and community development. Some age grades take on solely certain development projects in their communities.
During the homecoming also, in addition to the feasts in families, Masquerade displays, house warming ceremonies, Ofala and Igu Aro festivals by traditional rulers, Chieftaincy, Nze, Iyom, Ozo title taking and other ceremonies, there is also a very important activity that takes place in most Igbo communities - Development appeal funds for community projects.
It is through such self-funded community development projects that Ndigbo were able to quickly bounce back, and re-develop Ala Igbo after the destructions suffered during the Nigeria/Biafra war. The projects range from building community town halls and civic centres, to constructing rural roads, markets, skill acquisition centres etcetera.
In some communities, scholarships are awarded to indigent students, widows, youths and the unemployed are empowered with start-up funds and materials. This is the true Igbo spirit; people helping people to succeed. The  Igbo ‘Aku Luo Uno’ philosophy means taking one’s wealth home where it is most needed, letting one’s kinsmen benefit from the wealth and resources that God has blessed one with.
As it is that time of the year again, when Ndigbo worldwide return home in great numbers, it is important to keep this tradition going. Ndigbo should participate in the various community development projects going on in their communities. ‘Nnukwu azu kpata nnukwu nku, obele azu kpata obele nku’. Each one should give according to his or her ability.
Those who returned home, men in particular, should endeavour to attend their Umunna or kindred meetings. This is usually the nucleus of development activities in Igboland. It is where information are shared, and decisions taken on projects to embark on. Any person that does not do this in Igboland is regarded as an ‘efulefu’ or lay about.
‘Umunna' social construct in Igbo land is important in sustaining Igbo culture and tradition. Umunna meetings hold on appointed days, in the kindred’s ancestral Obu, or any other location. This could be the home of the eldest person in the kindred.
Sometimes during such meetings, a member of the kindred so blessed, could donate a cow to promote conviviality. Both old and young, rich and poor, share the cow in equal measure, according to age. The elders take their shares first. The women do not partake as the men bring home the family's share. This is done over drinks, ‘nkwuenu’ etcetera. Sometimes food is provided. Kola nuts are broken by the elders, libation poured, prayers said and stories of successes, failures and challenges shared. This is the unity that bind, a sense of community, love and 'Igwebuike'.
For things and times like these, Ndigbo journey from all over the world to their ancestral homes during the Christmas season; and to also partake in fundraising for community development projects. As you are still home this season, ensure to keep this tradition going. This is who we are as Ndigbo.
Armed Forces Remembrance Day:  Obiano Lays Wreaths At Alex Ekwueme Square Awka
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-16 07:49:19CategoriesState As a mark of honour to the fallen heroes of the Nigeria Armed Forces, government of Anambra State has concluded the 2022 ceremonies lined up to commemorate the sacrifices of the forces.   Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano performed the wreath laying ceremony and witnessed the parade ceremonies held at Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka,to conclude 2022-Armed Forces   Remembrance Day Celebration. Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that the event was attended by Service Chiefs, Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uchenna Okafor, Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, Head of Service, Barrister Theodora Igwegbe, Special Adviser to the Governor on Local Government and Chieftancy Affairs, Barrister Vera-Queen Okonkwo, members of Police Wives Association, POWA, among others. Governor Obiano  mounted the Dias and inspected the parade on arrival.   Speaking on the occasion, Governor Obiano stated that the commemoration is remarkable for many reasons, among which is to honour the dead. The Governor who recalled that Nigeria has been battling acts of internal aggression for years now, as almost every day, brave service men and women fall to the aggressive acts of their fellow citizens in peace time,  lamenting that the situation has left the country bleeding. He stated that the Armed Forces have been at the receiving end of unprovoked internal conflicts, as the cost of the attacks has been enormous, praying for their peaceful repose in the bosom of God. Speaking to the ABS, Speaker of the State of Assembly, Right Honourable, Okafor, applauded the Governor for being committed to the welfare of the war veterans and their wards just as the Managing Director of Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa and Special Adviser to the Governor on Creative Security, Retired Air Vice Marshal, Ben Chiobi noted that tapping from the wealth of experience of the retired members of the armed forces has been handy in solving a number of security issues. The  Chairman of the Nigerian Legion, Anambra State Council, Major Ben  Agbogu and members of the Nigerian Legion, attended the ceremony which also featured gun salute and release of pigeons as a sign of peace. 
Emecheta Asks South East Political Class To Forge United Front To Achieve Igbo Agenda
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-16 07:43:20CategoriesState The South East political class has been urged to forge a united front to achieve the Igbo agenda.   Speaking in Awka, the National Chairman of Anambra for Soludo, Chief Jude Emecheta said unity of purpose will give Ndịgbo stronger voice and presence in national affairs.   Paul Ezeoke reports that Chief Emecheta noted that over the years, APGA has provided credible and progressive leadership that has changed the political narratives in Anambra State and made the state a reference point of good governance and political stability.   He urged politicians in South East to embrace APGA as a credible political platform that would enable them produce visionary future leaders well equipped to serve the collective interest of the people and work towards repositioning the South East zone for effective harnessing of abundant human and material resources that will transform the region to economic and industrial hub of Africa.   Chief Emecheta noted that emergence of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the Governor elect of Anambra State has brought new political order, pointing out that the recent thank you visit of Old Aguata Union to Governor Willie Obiano was a demonstration of political maturity and affirmation of strong synergy and collaboration between outgoing administration and incoming government.   Also speaking, the State chairman of Miners Association of Nigeria, Chief Henry Igboeli, expressed confidence that the Governor-elect Professor Soludo would consolidate on remarkable achievements of Governor Willie Obiano and would use his wealth of experience to further elevate the state to a place of pride.   Chief Igboeli urged the political class to look beyond party affiliation and sentiments and give the new administration support and encouragement to achieve its vision, in order to build a better future with opportunities for the children   He assured that they would give the incoming administration all needed support and collaboration to open up the state mining sector to enable the state unlock untapped resources to boost the economy and widen scope of employment opportunities, noting that the state is endowed with a lot of natural resources which if well harnessed would boost state and national economies. 
COOU Elects Reps To University Governing Council
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-16 07:41:42CategoriesState The Senate of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University under the Chairmanship of the Vice Chancellor, Professor Greg Nwakoby, during its one hundred and twenty-first Sitting,  elected its representatives to the Governing Council of the University.   The election, which was keenly contested produced the following persons as Senate Representative to the 6th Council of the University, and they are, Professor Kingsley Nwozor, Professor Anthony Obi, Professor Angela Nwamuo, Professor C.C. Chukwueloka and Dr. Anslem Nweke.   This is happening barely a week after the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Dr. Willie Obiano, appointed and inaugurated the Chairman and other external members of the University's Governing Council.   Speaking on behalf of the elected members, Professor Kingsley Nwozor, a younger brother of Mr Abuchi Nwozor of the News and Current Affairs Department of  Anambra Broadcasting Service, Professor Angela Nwamuo, both thanked the Vice Chancellor of the University in particular and all the COOU Senators in general, for finding them worthy to represent them in the sixth Council of the University and promised that they would do their best to fly the University's flag higher as well as make sure that every staff of the University is not neglected in any way.   To constitute a full Council, two members will come from the University's Congregation, one academic, one non-academic staff, and this is what the University Management had fixed to hold on the 27th of Jan, 2022, after having announced it on the 7th of January 2022.   The entire Academic staff of the University, under the COOU ASUU PROGRESSIVE commended Professor Nwakoby for the apt and sincere manner in which he pilots the affairs of the University, praying God to continue to give him the grace and wisdom in directing the affairs of the University. 
Obiano Consoles Emma Bishop Okonkwo Family Over Death Of Sister Cecilia
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-16 07:39:54CategoriesState Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano today 15th January, 2022 paid a condolence visit to Chief Emma Bishop Okonkwo and family over loss of their sister, Cecelia Okonkwo. He paid the visit to Bishop Okonkwo's Country home in Ekwusigo Council Area. The Governor was accompanied on the visit by the Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uchenna Okafor, Former National Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, Senator Victor Umeh, and all the Service Commanders in the state. Governor Obiano asked the family to take heart in the knowledge of the fact that God knows the best in every situation. Recieving the Governor and entourage, Bishop Okonkwo said that his coming has strengthened his family and conveyed his gratitude to him. While stating that Governor Obiano has laid a solid foundation in Anambra State, he stressed that posterity will not forget his contribution towards the development of the state and pledged his unwavering loyalty and support to Governor Obiano and his government. The late Cecelia Okonkwo died at age sixty(60). 
Anthony Idigo Laid To Rest At Aguleri Anambra East Council Area
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2022-01-16 07:33:14CategoriesState It was a moment of tribute for the stewardship rendered by the late Chief Anthony Chukwugozie Idigo of Aguleri in Anambra East Local Government Area as he was laid to rest. The late Chief Anthony Idigo, a renowned journalist and a member of Aguleri Royal Cabinet died at the age of sixty-nine. The burial mass which was held at Saint Joseph's Pro-Cathedral Aguleri was attended by Governor Willie Obiano and his wife Dr Ebelechukwu, the Idigo families, other relations, friends and sympathizers who came to show their last respects to the deceased. In a homily during the burial mass, Reverend Father Anthony Izuu-Okoye noted that God's word is directing them to live a righteous life, believe in Christ and stand strong to defend their faith. He noted that the deceased died in Christ as he made himself available in all church activities, donating to the needy, making sacrifices for the propagation of the gospel. Speaking during the ceremony the traditional ruler of Aguleri, Igwe Michael Idigo said the late Chief Idigo was instrumental to the peace that paved the way for his emergence as the traditional ruler of Aguleri, praying God for the repose of his soul. The first son of the deceased, Mr Anthony Idigo and first daughter Mrs Uzo Osikhena described their father as a great man. Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that the late Chief Anthony Idigo left behind his wife, six children and four grand Children. 
Anambra Traditional Rulers To Partner National Association Of Agriculture And Food Security Dept To Improve Agriculture In Communities 
AuthorNNEKA ANOLIEFODate2022-01-16 07:26:54CategoriesState Traditional rulers in Anambra State have promised to carry the campaign on Enhanced Agriculture and Food Security to their various communities. The traditional rulers made the promise when members of the Nationwide Association for Promotion of Agriculture and Food Security paid them a courtesy visit at their Council office at the Government House, Awka. They promised to partner Nationwide Association for Agriculture and Food Security Department of Farmers Council to improve agriculture through modern farming techniques. Speaking on behalf of the traditional rulers, the Deputy Chairman, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, Igwe Sunday Okafor of Okpuno and Secretary-General, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, Igwe Pius Omachonu of olumbanasaa, explained that the programme on food security, and modern farming will go a long way in enhancing production of quality food. He also appreciated the efforts of the organizers of the programme and promised to   get their subjects to key into Agriculture and food security programme. Responding   the Zonal Director, South-East Nationwide Association for Promotion of Agriculture and Food Security, Mrs Indiana Nwokike, pointed out that they deemed it fit to intimate the traditional rulers about their programme on food security to enable them key into it. 
Residents Of Onitsha Decry Dumping Of Waste In Drainage System
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2022-01-15 07:41:53CategoriesState Human activities have had an effect on the environment for thousands of years, especially in waste disposal. In commercial cities, residents regularly dump refuse inside drainages which prevents free flow of water thus causing overflow. A typical example is Akunnia Njote-Silas Works drainages, Onitsha which connects Ziks Avenue-Woliwo-Port Harcourt Road Sakamori where traders and some residents dump their refuse inside drainages and Sakamori. ABS visited Akunnia Njote-Silas Works Road and observed that the drainages have been filled with refuse which causes flooding. Speaking to the ABS, a resident of the area, Mr Onyeka Ogwatta said the Akunnia Njote drainage is twelve feet deep but has been filled with refuse as a result of the Sakamori which cannot contain flood anymore because it is covered with refuse thus pushing back flood to Akunnia Njote street. Another resident of the area, Mr. Enoch Aleke recalled that the Woliwo Sakamori was constructed in 2013 which was a relief to the community saying that the Sakamori is filled to the brim that people now walk on it due to refuse traders from the surrounding Markets and those who deal on scrab beside the Sakamori dump inside it on daily basis. On his part, Mr. Tochukwu Obodoakor, another resident, who pleaded for government's intervention as dredging of Sakamori is capital intensive. Some elders of Akunnia Njote street, Chiefs Felix Onwughalu, Vincent Ofordi and Prince Bennett Ezeadiri regretted the health hazard the bad attitude of people is causing them, which has also affected their economy. 
Ọhaneze Ndịgbo VP Okeke Ogene Asks Political Class To Support Igbo Presidency 
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-15 07:37:35CategoriesState The Vice President-General of Ọhaneze Ndịgbo worldwide Chief Damian Okeke Ogene has urged political gladiators to support the present drive to produce the President of Igbo extraction. Speaking in Awka, Chief Okeke-Ogene said this would provide a permanent solution to most challenges confronting the country. Our man Paul Ezeoke has reports that Chief Okeke-Ogene noted that while it is within the constitutional right of individuals to seek any political position they are qualified for, Nigerians have moral obligation to support Ndịgbo to produce the next president of the country in the spirit of fairness, equity and good conscience. He noted that an Igbo President will use his enterprising disposition and sense of industry to accelerate over all development of the country without relying on oil revenue as well as ensure political stability and end to agitations and youth restiveness. Chief Okeke Ogene said that when every part of the country is given a sense of belonging, complain of marginalization will become a thing of the past and the country will work towards actualizing true federalism that will encourage competition and higher productivity among the federating units. He challenged Ndịgbo to produce credible candidates that will have national acceptance and have ability to effectively compete with others and assured that Ọhaneze Ndịgbo will give them necessary backing to succeed. In his reaction, a community leader Chief Joseph Ezekwe observed that Ndịgbo have qualified and quality leaders capable of making the desired change but cautioned against pulling him down syndrome among politicians. 
AFCON: Nigeria  Tackles Sudan Today 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-15 07:34:12CategoriesNigeria Sport Three-time African champions Nigeria will be seeking their second win at the on-going Africa Cup of Nations Cameroon 2021 when they take on Sudan’s Falcons of Jediane today at the Roumde Adjia Stadium in Garoua. A few hours after Nigeria beat Egypt 1-0 to open their Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) campaign, the other two teams in Group D, Guinea-Bissau and Sudan played out a goalless draw to complete the first round of matches for that group. With those results, the Super Eagles currently top Group D with three points, Sudan and Guinea Bissau have a point each while Egypt with no points are bottom of the group This means that Nigeria may book a place in the round of sixteen if she wins the next game against the Falcons of Sudan and the result in the other fixture Egypt versus Guinea-Bissau is favourable. 
ABS Partners AWKACIMA On National Summit On Igbo Apprenticeship Scheme 
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2022-01-15 07:28:19CategoriesState Anambra Broadcasting Service is partnering Awka Chamber of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (AWKACIMA) to hold a one-day national summit on Igbo Apprenticeship Scheme otherwise known as "Igba Boyi" in Awka.   The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the ABS, Dr Uche Nworah, who disclosed this when a delegation from the Chamber paid him a courtesy call in Awka said the summit would hold on Wednesday, the 9th of March this year.   Paul Ezeoke reports that the AWKACIMA delegation was led by the President Princess Caroline Ajuorah. According to Dr Nworah, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Nigeria Airlines Dr Obiora Okonkwo would be the keynote speaker while an industrialist Dr Ifeanyi Okoye and University lecturer Professor Austin Nonyelu would be part of the discussants.   He said this is the right time to bring to the fore the unique system of entrepreneurship that Igbo fore fathers pioneered and introduced, noting that it would complement efforts of state and federal governments to tackle challenges of youth unemployment as it would equip beneficiaries with needed knowledge and skills to attain their full potential.   According to Dr Nworah, the summit would also help to highlight the findings of a recent research sponsored by Dr Okonkwo on the scheme at Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka as well as provide opportunity to see how the system would be captured in the global fourth industrial revolution driven by technology to build creative economy.   He urged individuals, groups and corporate organisations to collaborate with the ABS and AWKACIMA on the summit.   Also speaking, the President of the Chamber Princess Caroline said the summit will enable stakeholders explore solutions to the menace of illicit drugs especially methamphetamine otherwise known as mkpụrụ mmiri and other social vices among youths which she lamented was threatening the future of the society.   She said the summit targets to capture participants from all parts of the country. 
Obiano Consoles Idigo Family On Death Of Anthony Idigo 
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2022-01-15 07:16:14CategoriesState Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano has condoled with the family of late Chief Anthony Chukwugozie Idigo.   The Governor consoled the family during the funeral mass which took place at Saint Joseph's Pro-Cathedral, Aguleri, Anambra East Council Area, presided over by Reverend Father Izuu Okoye . Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that the Governor who was  accompanied byhis wife, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano testified to the impeccable lifestyle of the late Idigo and described him as honest and dedicated onye Aguleri.   In a homily, Reverend Father Okoye emphasized that death awaits every mortal, pointing out that after death, recompense must surely come, whether good or bad.   While reflecting on who is a righteous person, the cleric noted that people with sinful nature cannot stand before God, and urged the congregation to always thirst after righteousness during their lifetime on earth. The son of the deceased , Mr. Anthony Idigo Junior who described his father as fearless,  playful, thoughtful and loyal, appreciated everyone who joined them to Mourn their dead.   The funeral mass was also attended by Aguleri Royal Cabinet members led by the Traditional Ruler of Aguleri, Igwe Mike Idigo, friends and well-wishers of the family from within and outside Nigeria. Late Chief Idigo who was born on January 25th 1952 in Otuocha, built a career in Journalism which spanned over twenty years having worked in the Federal Radio Corporation of Nigeria (FRCN), News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) from where his career began to expand when NAN posted him to New York, USA as a United Nations correspondent where he covered the entire North America. He went on to join NICON as Assistant General Manager and later Deputy General Manager Corporate Affairs in Lagos and later went on to Daily Times where he was the Senior News Editor. 
GSM Communication Network Provider Donates  Mobile Clinic To Anambra State Government
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-15 07:05:05CategoriesState A Global System for Mobile Communications network provider has donated a mobile clinic to the Anambra state government, as part of their Corporate Social Responsibility project.   The event which took place at the Government House, Awka, attracted officials of the Anambra state government as well as the staff members of the company. Handing over the mobile clinic to the state government, the Senior Manager, Sales and Trade Development, Core East of the company, Mr. Emmanuel Okereke, represented by Mr. Collins Orji, said the mobile medical intervention scheme is designed to provide primary healthcare services, largely to the women and children in some selected local government areas in the six states of Anambra, Lagos, Gombe, Kano, Kwara and Rivers through mobile trucks, and that the aim is to contribute to the government's efforts to improve access to primary healthcare in underserved communities in Nigeria. Mr. Okereke noted that the scope of the project to be implemented covers the execution of medical outreaches for twelve months in communities and markets, and the services will include medical screening, diagnosis and consultations, treatment and provision of drugs, referrals and health awareness creation.   Receiving the mobile clinic on behalf of Anambra state government, the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, thanked the mobile service provider for assisting the State government in the health sector, and urged like-mind organizations to emulate the company's good gesture. On his part, the Anambra state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala, said that the initiative is in its third phase and that the state is happy to partner with the company and revealed that mobile clinic will operate based on demand, need and planning, among others.   Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that handing over the mobile clinic van to the state government and it's inspection by the SSG and others formed the highlight of the event. 
INEC  Moves To Sanction Political Parties Over Unqualified Candidates
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2022-01-15 06:57:31CategoriesNigeria Politics The Independent National Electoral Commission,  INEC, has warned political parties to be mindful of who they present to the Commission as candidates saying that political parties that present the name of a candidate who does not meet the qualifications stipulated in the Constitution and the Electoral Act shall be guilty of an offence and on conviction, liable to a maximum fine of five hundred thousand naira.  INEC, which declared its preparedness for the Area Council elections in the Federal Capital Territory, FCT, holding on Saturday twelfth February 2022 as well as other outstanding elections for the year 2022 after its review meeting, said the Commission is finalizing all arrangements for the election adding that Permanent Voters Cards, PVCs, for all new registrants as well as requests for transfers and replacement of damaged cards have been printed and are available in all the six Area Councils for collection.  The Commission appealed to citizens who applied for fresh registration as well as transfers and replacement of the PVCs to do so immediately and avoid last minute rush for the cards like in the past. According to a statement signed by the National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee, Barrister Festus Okoye, FCT is the only part of Nigeria where INEC conducts Local Government elections and a total of four hundred and seventy five candidates sponsored by all the eighteen political parties are vying for the sixty eight constituencies involving six Area Council Chairmen and sixty two Councillors.  The statement further stated that in keeping with its tradition of engaging with stakeholders, the Commission has scheduled to meet with Political Parties on Tuesday eighteenth January, Civil Society Organisations on Wednesday 19th January, Inter-Agency Consultative Committee on Election Security (ICCES) on Thursday 20th January and Media Organisations on Friday twenty first January 2022 The statement also noted that all pending Bye-Elections, for six constituencies in four states will hold on Saturday twenty sixth February 2022 immediately after the FCT Area Council elections to enable the Commission focus on the Ekiti and Osun Governorship elections and ongoing preparations for the 2023 General Election. The Commission however, decided to combine the Ekiti East 1 State Constituency election with the Governorship election in Ekiti, on eighteenth June, 2022 saying that it is consulting with security agencies and critical stakeholders relating to the vacancy in Shinkafi State Constituency of Zamfara State while the Speaker of the Kaduna State House of Assembly is yet to declare vacancy in relation to Giwa State Constituency of Kaduna State.  It cautioned political parties fielding candidates for the bye-elections to comply with the activities and timelines set out in the Timetable and Schedule of Activities for the conduct of the bye-election and conduct transparent and valid direct or indirect primaries in accordance with the dictates of sections eighty five and eighty seven of the Electoral Act 2010  as amended. According to the statement, Political Parties are to conduct their primaries including resolution of disputes arising from the primaries between twenty sixth January and fifth February 2022 while the last day for submission of list of nominated candidates is  6pm on the ninth of February which must be done through the Commission’s online nomination portal. It however reminded political parties that the aspirant with the highest number of votes at the end of voting shall be declared the winner of the primary of the party and the aspirant’s name shall be forwarded to the Commission as the candidate of the party. 
Anambra State Assembly Speaker Okafor Lauds Contributions Of Ex-servicemen To National Development
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2022-01-15 06:54:59CategoriesState The Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has described the peace and corporate existence of the Nigerian citizens as a collective responsibility. In his goodwill message to mark this year's Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration, Right Honourable Okafor extolled the contributions of the ex-servicemen to the growth and development of the country and advocated their proper upkeep by various governments.   The Speaker who called on the serving security personnel in the country to emulate the team spirit and selfless service exhibited by the fallen heroes, urged them to intensify efforts towards provision of adequate security for the masses.   Right Honourable Okafor, while commending Governor Willie Obiano for all his assistance and largesse to the state chapter of the Nigerian Legion, called on security chiefs in the state to complement the Governor's efforts in securing the lives and property of the citizenry.   He enjoined affluent citizens to commit part of their God's given resources to better the condition of families of the late ex-servicemen and living legionaries. 
Anambra Governor - elect  Soludo Appoints Former Education Minister Obiageli Ezekwesili Head Of Transition Committee 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-14 07:22:24CategoriesState The Anambra state Governor-elect, Professor Charles Soludo has officially appointed Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili, former Minister of Education as the Head of Transition Committee which will liaise with a team set up by the government of Anambra State to ensure a seamless transition from the Governor Willie Obiano’s administration to a Chukwuma Charles Soludo-led administration as from 17th March, 2022.   The full Terms of Reference for the Committee as well as its mode of operation will be communicated during the inauguration and first plenary sessions scheduled for 19 to 22nd January, 2022 at the Golden Tulip Hotel Agulu, Anambra State.   Members are expected to arrive on Wednesday, 19th while the inauguration and first plenary sessions start on the 20th and Departure will be on the 23rd.   Other members of the committee are, Professor Benedict Okey Oramah member, Right Honourable Uche Okafor member, Professor Pat Utomi member and Professor Chidi Odinkalu member.   Others are Mr. Steve Nworga member, Chief Osita Chidoka member, Honourable Ben Nwankwo member, Honourable Charles Odedo member, and Barrister Tony Ifeanya member, and seventy others. 
NUJ Election: VC Candidate Ngozi Obileri Takes Campaign To Local Government Information Chapel 
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-14 07:19:26CategoriesState As the January 28 election of the Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Anambra State Council draws closer, Comrade Ngozi Obileri of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, who is vying for the post of Vice Chairman, has taken her campaign train to Local Government Information chapel, to seek support of members ahead of the poll.   Correspondent Cbibuzor Obidike was part of the team and reports that  members of the campaign team headed by the caretaker committee chairman of the chapel, Comrade Ejike Abana are marching with confidence in preparation for an election which they say would change the narrative of the union in Anambra State. Comrade Obileri, an award-winning journalist, has through her love for human angle reports and unique news writing style intervened in the problems of the needy and become a voice for the voiceless in the state and beyond.   In a brief introduction about the candidate, Comrade Abana described Comrade Obileri as one of the finest staff the chapel has ever produced and asked them  to rally round her to achieve her positive ambition.   Rolling out her manifesto, Comrade Obileri, who said that being a practicing journalist has exposed her to the numerous challenges facing the union, promised to always remind and bring most of these issues to the notice of the chairman for immediate intervention. She frowned at the attitude of some members who have deviated from the core function of unionism because of personal gains and re-emphasized that it is against the terms of fairness to have retired civil servants piloting the union, describing it as unconstitutional. Receiving the team on behalf of the chapel, the chairman of the local government Information Chapel, Comrade Nnamdi Nweke testified the long relationship enjoyed by the two chapels, and assured the ABS chapel that they would make unanimous analysis with a view of making the right decision that would also sustain the cordial relationship that exists between them. 
Anambra State Govt Inaugurates Committee For Treatment, Rehabilitation Of Crystal Methamphetamine Abusers
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2022-01-14 07:18:05CategoriesState The Anambra State Government has inaugurated a committee that will see to the treatment and rehabilitation of those abusing crystal Methamphetamine in the State.   The Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala who spoke to the traditional rulers during their meeting at the Government House, Awka, thanked the Anambra monarchs for the valuable roles they played which saw to the success of both sensitization and the administering of COVID-19 jabs in the State and urged them not to relent. Commissioner Okpala also used the event to remind Ndi Igwe that his ministry is still administering COVID-19 booster dozes to Ndi Anambra in all the twenty-one local government areas of the State, as another means of ending COVID-19 pandemic.   The Commissioner informed the royal fathers that the state government has inaugurated a committee that will see to the rehabilitation of those who abuse crystal Methamphetamine across the state and revealed that the committee was made up of health experts, psychologists, officials of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, the Police among others and seek for the cooperation of Ndigwe Anambra to enable the committee work seamlessly. The traditional ruler of Isseke, Igwe Emmanuel Nnabuife commended the State government for doing the needful and suggested that traditional rulers could have been included in the committee to enable them work with ease at all times.   For the traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka, Anambra state government should focus more on ending the source at which the dangerous drug enters the State in order to have a permanent solution to the menace. Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that some of the traditional rulers at the meeting were, Igwe George Ekwealor, of Umuoba Anam, that of Enugwu-Ukwu, Igwe Ralph Ekpeh, his Omor counterpart, Igwe Chris Oranu among others. 
Lorry Drivers Block Awka Axis Of Onitsha - Enugu Expressway To Protest Bursting Of Tyres By Security Operatives
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2022-01-14 07:16:00CategoriesState Road users at the Enugu/Onitsha expressway, Awka, were trapped in a heavy gridlock that lasted for over three hours at the Arroma junction axis of the route, as Lorry drivers blocked the road in protest against bursting of two tyres of their colleague by security officials operating by Stanel axis of the road.   When the ABS visited the scene, the lorries blocked the road such that no vehicle coming from Enugu could pass through the Arroma flyover or the down part of it, thereby causing heavy traffic in the area which also affected other routes that are connected to the Enugu/Onitsha expressway. According to people at the scene, the incident was caused by the action of some security officials operating at the Stanel axis of the road who shot two tyres of a Lorry whose driver could not give them five hundred naira as demanded from him at the checkpoint, but rather pleaded to give them three hundred naira as he did not have five hundred naira on him. 
Bishop Ezeofor Declares Open 2022 Aguata Prayer Summit At Umuchu 
AuthorReporterDate2022-01-14 07:14:33CategoriesState The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor has charged Christians especially Ministers of God to understand what Jesus wants the church to be. Declaring open the 2022 Aguata prayer summit at Saint Thomas Church Umuchu in Aguata Local Government Area, Right Reverend Ezeofor charged the faithful to help in making the church what it supposed to be. He stressed the need for the church to avoid conforming with the world full of contamination and corruption. Bishop Ezeofor who maintained that the church was built on the revelation of God to Peter which according to him makes the church unstoppable because the founder is Jesus Christ. He described the church as the foundation and Pillar of truth and advised the faithful to always stand against the wiles of Satan by knowing and proclaiming the truth. Bishop Ezeofor who is also the National Chairman of the Evangelical fellowship in the Anglican Communion EFAC, Nigeria, pointed out that since the church is the key of the kingdom of heaven, Christians should jettison those acts that will make them to miss heaven.   The summit which featured series of prayer for God's intervention in the myriads of problems facing the Nigerian nation including insecurity, hunger and unemployment was attended by the president of the Aguata Diocesan Women's Ministry Mrs Chinyere Ezeofor, Diocesan officials among others. 
