ASPHDA Executive Secretary Ezenyimulu  Asks Anambra Residents To Maintain COVID-19 Safety Protocols After Vaccination
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-11 07:13:24CategoriesHealth State The Executive Secretary of the Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency Dr. Chioma Ezenyimulu has enjoined residents of Anambra State to continue to maintain COVID-19 safety Protocols even after receiving the Vaccination.   Dr. Chioma Ezenyimulu gave the advice in Awka while speaking on the new Delta Variant of Corona virus which was detected in the country explained that there was no cause for alarm.   She noted that the Delta Variant was highly infectious hence the need for people to practice the prevention guidelines at all times.  The Executive Secretary of the State Primary Healthcare Development Agency explained that Corona virus vaccination offers immunity against the virus stating that more than sixty thousand persons in the state had received the vaccine during the first phase of vaccination.   Correspondent reports that the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control NCDC had confirmed a case of SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant, also known as lineage B.1.617.2 in the country.   The variant was detected in a traveller to Nigeria, following the routine travel test required of all international travellers. 
Tears, Tributes As Samuel Odinye Is Buried At Ogbunike, Oyi Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-11 07:09:55CategoriesState All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA faithful, Odinye family, friends and well-wishers have paid their last respect to late Mr. Samuel Chukwuemeka Odinye as his remains were committed to mother earth at his residence, Ifite village Ogbunike, in Oyi Local Government Area.   Late Mr. Samuel Odinye popularly known as "Egwu bu Egwu", who died at the age of fifty-one was until his demise, a staunch APGA member and the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Transport.  He was also the husband of Anambra state Channels Television Correspondent, Mrs. Joy Odinye.   In an interview, the elder brother of the deceased, Mr. Okwudili Odinye said his late brother was a peaceful man who never joked with his family and loved ones, promising to take adequate care of the children and wife.   For the first daughter of the deceased, Miss Chidinma Odinye, his late father was her role model and a man of the people, promising to live by his legacies together with her three sisters.  Speaking on his encounter with the deceased, the Commissioner for Transport, Mr. Afam Mbanefo described him as a workaholic who was highly committed to duties throughout his stay in Ministry of Transport, and prayed God to console his family.   On his part, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Chief Dr. Uche Nworah who visited the bereaved family in company of ABS News Manager, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor noted that late Mr. Odinye was a kind person and a committed APGA member, encouraging his family to uphold the legacies he left behind.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that among other dignitaries that attended the funeral ceremony were the state Commissioner for Trade and Commerce counterpart, Mr. Uchenna Okafor, Principal Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Willie Nwokoye, Chief of Staff, Mr. Primus Odili, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Traffic Management Agency, Mr. Cyril Obiefuna, and Permanent Secretary Ministry of Transport, Dr. Emman Udeakpeh. 
Anambra Centre For Mentally Challenged, Nteje Rehabilitates 142 Patients
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-11 06:59:17CategoriesState The Anambra State Centre for the Mentally Challenged, Nteje, Oyi Local Government Area is a social work arm under the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, but enjoys major support and partnership with CAFE.   Since its formal establishment in January, 2015, the center has rehabilitated a total of one hundred and forty-two persons, with an eighty percent population representation of non-Anambra indigenes.   The rehabilitated persons were also given household materials, foods, cash and equipment to start off any of the vocations they had learned while at the center.   It is on this backdrop that the wife of the governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano appealed for end to stigmatization against those, who have defeated mental health challenges.   Dr. Mrs. Obiano said that it was imperative that everyone protects those, who have made full recovery from mental health setbacks and give them a helping hand to fully reintegration into the society, stressing that it was only through that, that they can succeed and become important to societal development.   She also noted that the stigma against those, who have successfully come out of such challenges, could permanently detach them from normal life, noting that survivors of mental health scares are normal humans too.   On the activities of her NGO, CAFE, the governor's wife noted that it has become an indispensable part of her life to touch lives irrespective of where she is, stressing that she would continue to run her programmes in the same way that she always has, even after her husband's administration. 
Anambra Health Commissioner Urges Residents To Promote Hygiene
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-11 06:53:35CategoriesHealth State Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala has cautioned residents of the state to be weary of water borne diseases, as rainy season sets in more.   Dr. Okpala, who gave the advice in Awka, urged Ndi Anambra and to embrace cleanliness to avoid and prevent water borne diseases.   He equally appealed to Ndi Anambra to always keep COVID-19 preventive protocols, as the dreaded has not been defeated.   Dr. Okpala cautioned residents of the state to ensure that they drink and cook with only hygienic water to be safe from water borne disease, as well as ensure that they do not contract the disease by keeping their environment clean.   The Commissioner assured that his ministry will do all within its power to safeguard residents of the state from all forms of disease, through adequate and proper sensitization and awareness creation. 
ACTDA Seals Illegal Structures In Awka
AuthorJohn NduDate2021-07-11 06:51:47CategoriesState Two unauthorized structures, located in Awka town have been sealed off by the Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, ACTDA. Also sealed by ACTDA is a building site at Okpuno, within the Awka Capital Territory. The authority, led by the Managing Director, the Venerable Barrister Amaechi Okwusa visited a newly constructed Gas Plant at Stamford Road Awka which had been complained about by  residents of the area. Venerable Okwusa told the press that after close examination of the plant, ACTDA has decided that the site be sealed indefinitely. He reiterated that no work or transaction should be carried out on the site ,adding that anyone found violating the order will face the full wrath of the law. The ACTDA Boss stated that the authority has a procedure for evaluating such cases and that the recent order will be well documented. He also sounded a note of warning to those, who wish to construct gas plants, petrol stations and other structures for the distribution of inflammable products to follow the procedure specified for siting such structures. Venerable Okwuosa explained that even after other governmental authorities have granted their authorizations, the local authority has the final say. 
Governor Willie Obiano The Statesman
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-10 07:12:39CategoriesColumnist By Chief Ody Chukwube As someone who served in Anambra State as Chief Press Secretary to the Governor and later as Special Adviser on Media and Publicity and as someone who has consulted over the years to national and international organizations, one can say without any fear of contradiction that Governor Willie Obiano has successfully emerged as a statesman, and not a politician. A politician sets his sights on the next election while a statesman is keen on his or her place in history. Chief Obiano has well-established credentials as a statesman than many Nigerians may realize. Most presidents and governors are lame-duck officials in their last year in office. In places like Nigeria, most state governors don’t do much in their second tenure. In fact, many spend the last two years making money for themselves. But Obiano, who is leaving office next March, is telling a different and compelling story. He has in his last year built one of the best international airports in Africa. The magic is that he practically delivered the airport in a mere 15 months, without borrowing a kobo from any bank anywhere in the world. He is also completing Africa’s biggest international conference, with a 10,000 sitting capacity. And with no kobo credit from any bank! In addition, he is completing anytime from now a modern stadium in Awka. As usual, without borrowing! Only a statesman can do any of these things, all the more so in a particularly difficult economic time in the world. One would like to cite another example. Obiano is the first and only governor in Anambra State to recognize all his predecessors and give them their dues, regardless of their political leanings. Things would have been far more difficult for his predecessors today, but for his policy of inclusiveness. Still, Obiano has never spoken in public about the courtesies he extends to all former governors, including Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife, the first elected governor since the state was created in 1991. This act is still unknown to most ndi Anambra. Lastly, one would like to emphasize that Governor Obiano relates well with his opponents and others who belong to other political persuasions. History cannot forget his starring role in the funeral of the venerable Alex Ekwueme, Nigeria’s first vice president who led the PDP nationwide in its most critical time. No wonder, at Obiano’s re-inauguration in March, 2018, leaders of all parties were present. Even the very candidates who ran against him in the election, in which he won in all 21 local government areas of the state, were physically present. Political violence in Anambra has understadably become a thing of the past. We now have social harmony more than any state. The good news is that Professor Soludo, the candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the November 2021 Gubernatorial elections is steeped in the same tradition of peace, inclusiveness, solidarity and rapid progress. He has not uttered any negative sentiments against anyone in private or public. He has rather been preoccupied with the strategy for Anambra’s rapid development. Soludo recognizes that Anambra can become an economic miracle like Taiwan, Dubai or Singapore only when there is tremendous peace and solidarity in society. He and Obiano are cut out to be statesmen. These are really good times for the people of Anambra State. Chief Chukwube is Ichie Ugwumba of Ihiala, Anambra State. odychukwube@yahoo.com. 
Commentary: Anambra Achievers Legacy Award
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-10 07:10:09CategoriesColumnist Anambra Achievers Legacy Award (Akululu Ulo Amaka-2021) is organized as part of the activities to commemorate the New Anambra State at 30. It is celebrating thirty exceptional achievers who have invested heavily in the state by building roads, awarding of scholarships, rural electrification, building of factories and industries, which provided job opportunities to our youths and increased the revenue profile of the state.
Old Anambra State was created in 1976 from the defunct East Central State, and its capital was Enugu. On August 27, 1991, it was further divided into two, the New Anambra and Enugu States. This year, Anambra shall clock thirty.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award is a quadrennial event and private sector initiative that seeks to immortalize the indelible achievements of indigenous Ndi Anambra and honour prestigious individuals; the ‘first eleven' in their various fields. They are individuals who have greatly impacted on the lives of the people through their programs and projects with preponderance of evidence on ground to show for it.
They are individuals and professionals who have distinguished themselves in their chosen careers and sacrificed it for the general development of Anambra State in particular and humanity in general.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award, also called ANALEG Award, is a home-driven and delivery investment organization, in collaboration with Nigeria-Overseas Communications, empowered in line with the "Igbo Think Home Philosophy of Ndigbo Nalue Uno and Build a Home", to promote good societal values and right ideals that characterize our people - the Igbo race.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award was conceptualized to honour Ndi Anambra of proven integrity, hard work, dedication, industry, people who have set up industries and business empires. For the sustainability of Akululu Uno Amaka Philosophy, Anambra Achievers Legacy has urged the South-East governors to key into the "Igbo Think home Philosophy Initiative", which encourages Ndi Igbo to bring back their investments to the region.
Anambra Achievers Legacy ensures that government/communities provide necessary incentives such as land at highly subsidized rate or customary grant for the building of factories, public and private establishments within a time frame. This would encourage massive investments that would aggressively transform the region to economic and power house of the nation.
As the issue of security is very vital to economic development and its sustainability, Anambra Achievers Legacy will not relent in its efforts in ensuring that policies and strategies that would enhance security are put in place so that lives and properties of the people are guaranteed for continued economic development and sustainability.
The event will be chaired by Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former Governor of Anambra State Special guests of honour are the governors of Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo, Abia, Rivers and Delta State, with all distinguished Senators, members of House of Representatives, Speaker and members of Anambra State House of Assembly, and their predecessors in office.
The Patrons/Fathers (National Advisory Council Members) of the Anambra Achievers Legacy are: Chief Mbazuruike Amechi, (Dara Akunwafor; the Boy Is Good); Honourble Justice Anthony Iguh (CON) Former Justice of the Supreme Court; Hon. Justice G.U. Ononiba (OON) former Chief Judge of Anambra State; Chief Simon Okeke (former Chairman, Police Service Commission), among others.
Finally, Anambra Achievers Legacy cannot forget our past heroes to honour them for their contributions to the development of Anambra state in particular, and Igbos in general.
ALWAYS JOIN ANAMBRA ACHIEVERS LEGACY (AKULULU UNO AMAKA 2021) TO CELEBRATE "eminent Ndi Anambra," individuals of noble cause - who are exceptionally reliable and dependable, that have distinguished themselves in their chosen disciplines and fields of endeavour. The critical thinkers on nation building! The pride of the state and the Igbo nation!! Ndi Anambra "1st Eleven" among equals in developmental strides!  Sponsors needed.
WRITTEN BY EMMA IFEADIKE 
Controversy Continues To Trail Nomination Of Lauretta Onochie As INEC National Commissioner
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-10 07:01:22CategoriesNigeria The nomination of Lauretta Onochie, a Senior Special Assistant on New Media to President Mahammadu Buhari, as INEC National Commissioner, has provoked public outcry in different quarters including the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, which is kicking against her nomination saying she is a card-carrying member of the ruling All Progressives Congress; and  as such, not fit to be appointed as an electoral officer.   The party argued that Onochie would pollute the atmosphere of neutrality, and fair play in the Commission if the Senate goes ahead to approve her nomination.   In spite of these public outcry, the Senate begun the screening process.   It was, however, a rowdy session among the Senators during the screening at the Senate Committee on INEC matters conference room as members quizzed her on her membership of the All Progressives Congress, APC.   The Presidential Aide, who had earlier presented an affidavit disclaiming her membership of the party, said she stopped being a member of the APC in 2019, immediately after the General Election even though she had, admitted swearing to an oath at an Abuja Federal High Court that she was a member of the APC.   The Chairman, Senate Committee on INEC, Senator Kabri Gaya later told journalists that even the All Progressives Congress as a party had written them that Onochie is not their member.   Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja Bureau reports the Committee will now report back to the Senate next week with their findings. 
RUFIN Training Programme Ends In Awka, Urges Participants To Contribute Towards Food Security
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-07-10 06:57:15CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner for Agriculture, Chief Nnamdi Onukwuba has called on participants at the just concluded training programme of the Rural Finance and Institution Building Programme, RUFIN to maximize the knowledge they garnered to ensure food security in the state.   RUFIN is a Federal Government and International Fund for Agricultural Development –IFAD assisted programme implemented in Anambra State through the Ministry of Agriculture.   Correspondent Kenechukwu  reports the the four day training programme had participants drawn from Cooperative Societies from the twenty one local government areas of the state.   They were trained on poultry and piggery farming.  The Commissioner for Agriculture, Chief Onukwuba, explained that the programme is supported by the state government and its partners, to bring about enterprise in the agricultural sector amongst women and youths.   He further said that finances will be provided by the government and its partners, under a convenient arrangement to help participants in their agro business.   In her remark, Mrs. Uzoamaka Emeagwali, who is the project coordinator of RUFIN in Anambra state noted that the major aim of the programme is to build capacity of farmers in various aspects of agriculture, including financial literacy and management.  On his part, the member representing Anaocha constituency, Honourable Ebele Ejiofor, who is the Chairman, House Committee on Donor Agencies, Sustainable Development Goals, SDGs and Economic Planning, commended the ministry for its initative,  pointing out, that the effect will go a long way in bringing about food security.   A resource person at the workshop, Mr. Sam Egwu, told the participants that Agriculture is a profitable venture, which requires patience to reap the benefits, emphasizing that piggery farming and pork meat are lucrative while Mr. Benjamin Ade from Bank of Agriculture said the bank has been very supportive of farmers with convenient loan arrangements.  Some participants,  including Mr. Sunday Uzochukwu from Ihiala and Mrs. Roseline Dilinyelum from Awka North, said the workshop will be beneficial to their farming business. 
APGA Peace, Reconciliation And National Outreach Committee Holds Inaugural Meeting In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-10 06:53:33CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has constituted a twelve man  peace, reconciliation and national outreach committee for the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA.   The Committee which has former national chairman of the Party, Senator Victor Umeh as chairman, is to reconcile aggrieved members of the party and resolve any lingering problems in the Party in any local government area, so that they can approach the November six governorship election as a very strong and united Party.   Correspondent Chibuzor okoye has the reports that the Commmittee will also engage in a wider stakeholder outreach to build a formidable coalition across the State for the party, as well as engage any other measures that will help the party to succeed.   Addressing members of the press after their inaugural meeting, Senator Umeh thanked the Governor for the confidence reposed in them and assured that they will do the assignment given to them with utmost sincerity, honesty and diligence to ensure that the party emerges victorious during the November six Anambra governorship election.   Senator Umeh appealed to all members of the party to give the Committee maximum cooperation it requires to deliver on the job.   Earlier, the Secretary to the Anambra state government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu said that they will do their job judiciously to ensure that no member of the party is left behind or aggrieved. The Committee has former deputy governor of Anambra state, Engineer Emeka Sibeudu as secretary.   Other members of the Committee are Dr. Mrs. Uju Okeke, former House of Representatives member for Awka North and South, Honourable Anayo Nnebe, Igwe Rowland Odegbo of Nteje, Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor and the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Political Matters, Barr. Ifeatu Obi-Okoye.   The Anambra State Chairman of APGA, Sir Norbert Obi, APGA State Secretary, Barrister Tony Ifeanya, Chief Rommy Ezeonwuka, as well as the Chief of Staff to Governor Obiano, Chief Primus Odili are also members of the committee. 
Anambra Govt Holds Virtual Diaspora Conference
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-07-10 06:48:17CategoriesState Speakers at the first edition of Anambra Diaspora Conference have called for a seamless communication and relationship between Anambra State government and Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora.   They made the call at the Conference which held virtually.   The conference which is the brain child of the Anambra Ministry of Diaspora Affairs, Culture and Tourism, attracted Ndi Anambra from within and outside Nigeria.   In his remarks, Governor Willie Obiano said that his government sees Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora, made up of bright professionals, as key stakeholders in the development of the state.   Speaking through the Secretary to the State Government, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu, Governor Obiano who noted that the conference was an opportunity to promote tourism, appreciated the contributions of the Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora in support of the socio-economic development of the state.   In her comments, the wife of the governor, Dr. Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, who pointed out that the conference was timely, described Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora as strong partners with the Anambra government especially in the area of remittances.   Mrs. Obiano represented by the Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Emeka Ozumba, explained that one of the things that help economic inflow is stability noting  that the Diaspora can create a hub where youths can be gainfully engaged instead of getting involved in societal vices.   In his welcome address, the Anambra State commissioner for Diaspora Affairs, Culture and Tourism, Dr. Kenneth Anierobi, said that the aim of the conference was  to provide a platform for a purposeful engagement between Anambra State government and Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora.   He mentioned that the conference also provided an avenue to create awareness on programmes and policies of the government and  engage those in diaspora to key into and participate in the development of Anambra state.   Speaking on the potentials of Nigerians in the Diaspora, Chairman Nigerian Diaspora Commission, Mrs. Abike Dabiri-Erewa, commended Ndi Anambra in the Diaspora for their contributions to the country and their state in particular and harped on the importance of unity.     In their separate presentations, the president Anambra State Association, ASA Worldwide, Dr. Nwachukwu Anaekwenze, and Women Leader, ASA Women USA, Dr. Anthonia Umeh, listed their contributions to the state, their challenges and called for effective dialogue between  diasporans and the state government to enable them do more for the development of the state.   In his comments, the traditional ruler of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe, said the conference should be a constant interaction between the two groups and stressed the importance of creating an enabling environment for ICT to thrive.   In their various comments, the chairperson on the occasion, Ambassador Vivian Okeke and Prince Henry Egenti, ASA UK, emphasized on the lack of effective coordination between the Anambra government and the diasporans and the need to remove identified hurdles to enable the diasporans to invest more in the state.   Other participants who spoke include an Executive Director, Anambra State Investment Promotion and Protection Agency, ANSIPPA, Mr. Ifediora Amobi, Mr. Christian Onuorah from UK, Co-Chair ASA USA, Mr. Michael Iloegbunam, Miss Andrea Okeke among others. 
UN-PEPOLAC Tasks  FG  On Proactive Measures To Tackle National Challenges, Restore Confidence In Governance
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-10 06:45:57CategoriesState The United Nations Peace and Positive Living and Awareness Centre, UN- PEPOLAC, has made a strong call on the federal government to come up with effective socio-economic programs that would restore people's confidence and trust on government, as a means of dousing the tension in the country. This was contained in a communiqué released by the organization after its 2021 Peace Convention, recently held in Awka, Anambra State and jointly signed by the International Coordinator, Right Reverend Dr. Ozioma  Ozoemena and others. In the prevailing insecurity in the country, the organization advised the federal government to consider the twelve points resolutions of the southern governors, as that according to it, will serve as the needed panacea for peace, security and economic growth of the nation. It advised government at all levels to timely respond to people's challenges and complaints in other to bridge the gap in communication, which could result to the breakdown of peace and order in the society. The UN- PEPOLAC also directed all stakeholders in the society, especially communities, religions, various groups, and ethnic nationalities, to embrace peace as a lifestyle, pointing out that it is only in an atmosphere of peaceful coexistence that the nation can enjoy sustainable development, social cohesion and economic prosperity. It asked Anambra State Government through the ministries of Basic and Tertiary Education to include peace and security education in academic curriculum with a view to inculcating in the children, the right values and inform them of their rights and duties to one another, the community and the state at large. The UN-PEPOLAC NIGERIA congratulated Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, for being proactive in the area of peace and security, hence the status of the best secured and most peaceful state in Nigeria. The organization equally congratulated Governor Obiano for his legacy projects, including the International Cargo and Passengers Airport at Umueri, the International Conference Centre at Awka and the Awka Township Stadium. It also enjoined Ndi Anambra to leverage on the INEC Continuous Voters' registration exercise to register and get their voters cards, and be ready to vote massively and peacefully on November sixth governorship elections in the state. 
COVID - 19 Delta Variant: NCDC Urges Nigerians To Uphold Safety Measures
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-10 06:43:48CategoriesHealth Nigeria Nigeria has confirmed its first case of the highly contagious Delta variant of COVID-19. According to the National Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, the strain was detected during routine tests for in-bound travellers. The Delta variant, first identified in India, is recognized by the World Health Organization as a variant of concern given its increased transmissibility. The variant has been detected in over ninety countries and is expected to spread to more countries. There are ongoing studies to understand the impact of the variant on existing vaccines and therapeutics. As part of Nigeria’s COVID-19 response, NCDC has been working with the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), African Centre for Genomics of Infectious Diseases (ACEGID), and other laboratories within the national network to carry out genomic sequencing. Given the high transmissibility of the Delta variant and following its detection in Nigeria, NCDC urged all Nigerians to ensure strict adherence to public health and social measures in place. The NCDC director general, Mr. Chikwe ihekweazu, said although Nigeria has seen a low number of COVID-19 cases in the last eight weeks, it was important not to forget to be careful. 
2020 Olympics Torch Arrives Tokyo
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-10 06:42:05CategoriesNigeria The 2020 Olympics torch relay reached Tokyo yesterday to a muted reception. The torch began its final fifteen-day phase, one day after Japan decided to ban all spectators, including domestic ones from attending the Olympic Games. Under a gloomy grey sky, organizers held a small ceremony at the almost-empty Komazawa Olympic Park with Tokyo Governor, Yuriko Koike in attendance. This is usually an anticipation-building moment ahead of the Olympics. But the torch relay is limited due to coronavirus measures, and organizers failed to generate enthusiasm among the Japanese public, many of whom are against the games going ahead. Since the relay began at the end of March, the torch has made its way through Japan’s forty-seven prefectures but was banned from public roads in many areas. It now faces the same treatment in Tokyo due to surging coronavirus infections except for a few areas, the torch relay is banned from the public streets of the Japanese capital. 
Anambra Speaker Okafor Felicitates With First Nigerian Aviation Minister Mbazulike Amechi @ 92
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-07-10 06:40:16CategoriesState The Speaker of the state House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has described the first Nigerian Aviation Minister, Chief Mbazulike Amaechi as a patriotic Nigerian and selfless politician. In his goodwill message to Chief Amaechi on his ninety-second birthday, Right Honourable Okafor thanked God for granting Chief Amaechi longevity to enjoy the fruit of his labour. The Speaker, who extolled Chief Amaechi's contributions to the growth and development of the country, enjoined the federal government to name an important federal institution or organ after Chief Amaechi in appreciation of his services to the country. He called on other notable politicians in the country especially in the south-east zone to emulate the sterling contributions of Chief Amaechi towards human and institutional development by ensuring maximum peace and progress in Igboland. Right Honourable Okafor prayed God to continue to strengthen Chief Amaechi in all goodness and grant him more fruitful years ahead. 
Anambra  State Govt Extends Distribution Of Farms Input To Awka North,Awka South Council Areas
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-07-10 06:38:30CategoriesState Anambra State Government says it is committed to ending hunger in the state by continuing with its initiatives of subsiding and providing farm input to farmers. The Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agricultural Export, Dr. Okey Okwuosa restated the commitment as the distribution of high yield farm input continued in Awka North and South Local Government Areas. Correspondent, David Okpokwasili reports that the Governor's aide, who is also the team leader for distribution of the farm input in the two council areas said the input, which include hybrid cassava stems, premium maize, liquid fertilizer, tomato and Okro seeds will ensure boost in the quality and yield of farm produce cultivated in the state thereby ensuring food security and sufficiency.  Dr. Okwuosa further explained that the state government prioritized cassava, maize, tomato and Okro because the state can tap from their multiple value chains and end the dependence on other regions of the country for the provision of certain staple food items. The Transition Committee Chairman, Awka South Local Government Area, Mr. Leo Nwuba praised Governor Willie Obiano for always remembering farmers and called on Ndị Anambra to fully embrace agriculture especially the "Ugbo Azụ Uno" initiative. The statdde youth leader, All Farmers Association of Nigeria, Mr. Chisom Onugha and a farmer from Amawbia, Mrs. Rita Chike-Odumodu while commending the initiative, stated that the exercise, which has become an annual ritual in the state has shown that the present administration truly understands the importance of Agriculture, praying that future administrations in the state will sustain the wins made by the Obiano administration in the agricultural sector.  Over two thousand bundles of cassava stems were distributed to farmers in the two local government areas while more than twenty bags of rice seeds were also distributed to farmers in Awka North Council Area. 
Attack On Police Stations: Ojoto Community Gives Financial Assistance To Family Of Slained Police Inspector
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-07-10 06:35:39CategoriesState Ojoto Community in Idemili South Local Government Area has rendered financial assistance to the family of the deceased Police Inspector, the late Peter Ikwumonu slain during the attack on the police station in the area. Making the presentation, the traditional ruler of Ojoto Community, Igwe Gerald Mbamalu, who handed over the purse to the widow of the deceased at his palace, said unprovoked attacks on the police will not deter them from providing the needed security in the society.  Igwe Mbamalu described Inspector Ikwumonu's demise as a great loss not only to the family but also to the people of the area. Speaking on behalf of the state Commissioner of Police, the Oraifite Area Commander, ACP Wilfred Afolabi alongside DPO, Ojoto Divisional Police Station, CSP Mike Anude, commended the community for the singular act of charity even as they asked the family to utilize the fund judiciously. Responding, the first son of the deceased, Mr. Dan lkwumonu expressed gratitude to the community for mobilizing efforts in alleviating their plight and prayed God to reward them. The late Inspector Ikwumonu was killed on active service by unidentified gunmen, who attacked the police station on tenth June.  Correspondent, Odinaka Nwolisa reports, that some cabinet members were present during the presentation. 
Commentary: The Rising Incidence Of Cult Membership Among Youths
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-07-09 06:23:34CategoriesColumnist Cultism is a practice of a group of people with a deviant religious, philosophical or cultural identity, often existing on the margins of society. It is usually exploitative towards its members. The beliefs and activities of cults are mostly shrouded in secrecy. Hence, it is commonly known as secret cult.
Some years ago, cultism in Nigeria was only practiced by students in the higher institutions. However, as the years go by, cultism found its way into secondary and primary schools. Nowadays, cultists are on the streets capturing youngsters who have not even seen the four walls of a classroom.
Cultism has no good to offer to whoever that gets initiated into it. Cultists are societal deviants. Anybody that joins a cult has embraced untimely death and destruction with open arms.
Recently, in some places, many lives were cut down in their prime because of involvement in Cultism. Some of those who died were only sons or only child of their parents. Some were breadwinners of their families and many others died leaving their young children fatherless and wives widows.
There were those who are yet to find their bearings in life and suddenly they were killed during cult clashes. Imagine the psychological, social and economic impact on the families and the society at large.
Causes of cultism include poor home training. The home is the first school a child attends to learn morals and values. But when a child is brought up or trained by parents who are morally bankrupt, such a child, most times, end up becoming a societal deviant.
In addition, some parents, in their quest for materialism, neglect the training of their children, leaving the duty for domestic helps and neighbours, thereby exposing their children to danger of joining anti social groups.
Many youths also join cult because they want to have a sense of belonging. They want to be seen as big boys and girls in campuses or in their environments. They also want to be held in high esteem or feared by all. Unfortunately, when they become cultists, they end up attracting negative image to themselves and their family members.
Furthermore, most cultists tend to lure the youth into their folds with false promises to make them wealthy. The poor youth who want to ‘make it’ will join, only to discover that there is no ready wealth anywhere, and for them to get money, they end up getting involved in armed robbery.
Politicians also contribute to the increasing rate of cultism in our society today. They engage our youth in political thuggery. Quest for protection also pushes many youths to join cults.
Unfortunately, cultists, with all the rituals and charms they arm themselves with, have never received the desired protection. Even if the charms were concocted by the devil, they can never last. That is why cultists die like flies regularly. True and everlasting protection can only be found in Jesus Christ.
Again, the kind of friends one keeps can go a long way in determining the kind of a person he or she will turn out to be in future. Also, desire for revenge can entice one to join a cult. When such a person has experienced bullying from his age mates, family members depriving him or her of rights and inheritances, the victim may end up joining a cult in other to get back at his or her perceived enemies.
But the truth is that nothing is worth the reason for getting initiated into cultism. It does more harm and no iota of good. Over the years, cultism has left and is still leaving death, destruction, heart arches, in its trail.
To stamp out cultism out of our society is a collective responsibility.
Parents, the church, government and the society at large must rise and deal with this cankerworm which has eaten deep into the fabrics of our society. Parents, give proper home training to your children. If you know you cannot train your children, please do not bring them forth. Parenthood is not by correspondence.
Anambra Comes Top In CBN CACS, AADS
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-09 06:19:31CategoriesState Center Bank of Nigerian, CBN, says Anambra state came top in implementation of its Commercial Agriculture Credit Scheme, CACS, and Accelerated Agricultural Development scheme AADS, in 2020. CBN Branch Controller in Anambra state, Mr. Benedict Maduagwu, disclosed this during a forum in Awka. According to him, this development makes the state’s economic model the best in the federation for the year 2020. Mr. Maduagwu explained that the feat earned the state strategic partnership with CBN that may worth’s about three point five billion naira to be disbursed to farmers noting that the facility would accrue under CAC’s two billion naira and another one point five billion naira from ADDS during the agricultural year. He said that the deal was also made possible because the state participated actively in CBN interventions and translated to higher productivity and prosperity for beneficiaries, as well as helping to prevent recession. Mr. Maduagwu also called on Ndi Anambra to embrace various financing windows of CBN as a way of continuing to key into Governor Willie Obiano’s economic and social development agenda. 
Anambra Govt Presents N1.5 Million To Visually Challenged Girl For  Brain Tumor Surgery
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-09 06:16:46CategoriesState Anambra state government has presented a cash of one point five million naira to Miss Agatha Okeke, a visually challenged girl who is due for brain tumor surgery.   Miss Okeke, who hails from Enugwu ukwu, Njikoka Local Government Area of Anambra State, was diagnosed with brain tumor and has been seeking financial assistance to undergo a corrective surgery.   The money was presented by the Secretary to the Anambra State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, on behalf of Governor Willie Obiano to Miss Okeke in the company of the Special Adviser to the Governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie.   Expressing her joy, Miss Okeke thanked Governor Obiano for the kind gesture, and maintained that the governor truly deserves the name "Ogugua Ndi Olusi".   She noted that life has not been easy for her since she was diagnosed of the brain tumor amidst her sight challenge, and appreciated Barrister Ezewuzie and the Executive Assistant to the Governor on Disability Services, Comrade Ugochukwu Okeke, for playing vital roles in bringing the favour to her.   Also speaking, Barrister Ezewuzie appreciated the Governor for his unusual generosity and special concern to Matters relating to persons with Disabilities in the state while wishing Miss Okeke quick recovery. 
Sports Minister Dare Advocates Establishment Of Independent National Sports Commission
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-09 06:13:45CategoriesSport The Minister of Youths and Sports Development, Sunday Dare, has called for an Independent National Sports Commission (NSC) to develop the sector.
He made the call during a Public Hearing organised by the Senate Committee on Sports and Youths Development chaired by Sen. Obinna Ogba.
Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja Bureau reports that the hearing was on two bills: The National Sports Commission Establishment Bill, 2020 and the Federal Sports University, Nkalagu, Ebonyi Establisment Bill, 2020.
Dare said, there is a dire need to set up a commission that is contemporary, so as to develop the sports sector in a deliberate way to change the narrative.
He said that the sports commission currently envisaged must be restructured in a way that would make it capable of doing the work of repositioning the agenda such as the ministry had mapped out in the National Sports Industry Policy, NSIP.
Declaring the hearing open, the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan said that sports had become a tool of influence and commercial endeavour.
Lawan who was represented by the Senate Minority Whip, Senator Philip Aduda, called for the right governance and policy framework to develop the sector.
PDP National Assembly Caucus Backs Southern Governors On Electronic Transmission Of Election Results, Others
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-09 06:12:03CategoriesNigeria Electronic transmission of election result has been described as the only way to eliminate Malpractices and manipulation of the use of addictive substances associated with manual collation of results.
The joint Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, National Assembly Caucaus gave the indication in Abuja yesterday.
Speaking through its leader, Senator Enyinnaya Abaribe, the group said they align themselves with the resolutions of the Southern governors on electronic transmission of results and other matters after extensive deliberations and as such,  vehemently rejecting what it termed clandestine moves to manipulate and alter the electoral Act to remove electronic transmission of results from the law as proposed.
It noted that such faulty venture would tamper with a critical component of transparency and credibility in electioneering process and would  subvert democratic process.
According to the group, electronic transmission of election result will curb manipulations such as alteration of result, switching of votes, and disappearance of electoral materials while in transit to various collation centres.
On security, the group also affirmed its support for the establishment of State police as well as the Southern governors call that the deduction from the Federation account for the Nigeria Police security Trust fund be distributed among the states and federal government.
The group was however silent on the Southern governors clamour that the twenty twenty three presidential election be zoned to the Southern region but urged governors from other zones to emulate the Southern governors patriotic initiative in the interest of security of life and property.
The Book 'Contemporary Issues On COVID-19 Experience In Nigeria' Presented At Unizik
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-09 06:08:41CategoriesState The collaborative efforts of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka and the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Igbariam in coming up with scientific document on people’s lives during COVID-19 pandemic era has been commended. Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala gave the commendation at the launch of a book titled “Contemporary Issues on COVID-19 Experience in Nigeria” held at the Chike Okoli Centre for Entrepreneurial Studies, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka. Dr. Okpala, who highlighted the state government’s response to COVID-19 while reviewing the book, commended individuals contributions in that regard, adding that the book will be useful in future response to similar health issues.  In a keynote address, a former Deputy Governor of Central Bank, Professor Kingsley Moghalu, who noted that COVID-19 attacked the fundamental aspects of human characteristics, suggested that the book be published internationally for global impact, and called on leaders to learn from economic and other impacts of the pandemic, so as to prepare Nigerians for any similar pandemics. The chairman on the occasion and former Senator that represented Anambra Central Senatorial District, Chief Victor Umeh, who commended government's efforts at stemming the tide of the pandemic, said Nnamdi Azikiwe and Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Universities have done great in their scholarly efforts. The editor-in-chief, Professor Meshach Umenweke, said the outbreak of the pandemic gathered members of the academia and  community in boresearchth institutions together to put up timely academic interjection for a documented reviewable data, statistics, experiences and exposures, adding that its findings provide in-depth knowledge on records of events, challenges endured, and anticipated future changes in human life and coping strategies against the trend.  Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the book with twenty-seven chapters and four hundred and fourteen pages, written by Congress of COVID-19 Research Network at the Nnamdi Azikiwe and Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Universities, attracted the academia and contributors, including Professor Angela Nwammuo of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Igbariam Campus and former Information Commissioner, Chief Tony Onyima among other scholars. 
Olympic Games To Hold Without Spectators
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-09 06:04:02CategoriesSport Due to the rising cases of coronavirus, the Olympic Games in Japan are to be held without spectators. The Olympics Minister, Tamayo Marukawa, who made the announcement after discussions with officials and organisers said a state of emergency in Tokyo will run throughout the Games, to combat coronavirus. The Prime Minister, Yoshihide Suga told reporters it would run from twelve July and remain in place until twenty-second August even as he noted that bars and restaurants will not be allowed to serve alcohol and must close by midnight. Coronavirus infections are rising in Tokyo as the twenty-third July opening ceremony edges closer. 
Commentary: Participating In The Online Voter Registration Exercise
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-08 07:18:03CategoriesColumnist The Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise is going on across Nigeria. The essence is for the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to validate its national register, include more eligible voters and expand voters’ access to polling units.
Those that should take part in the exercise include Nigerians who have just attained the age of 18 and have never been registered to vote; any registered voter who experienced some difficulties during accreditation in the previous elections; registered voters who wish to change their voting locations and those whose Permanent Voter’s Cards are damaged, lost or defaced.
Others are those who wish to correct information such as names, date of birth and others in their cards; those who recently become Nigerian citizens or those who newly relocate to Nigeria and do not get PVC before, those of voting age who have registered before but their names are not on the voters Register and those who are of voting age who have registered in other states but now wish to transfer their registration to Anambra state. According to INEC, the registration is meant to reduce crowd at registration centres in line with the COVID-19 pandemic protocols.
The online registration, which started on Monday, will last for three weeks. It will enable people fill in their data and upload their passport photograph online. The second phase is biometric data capturing in INEC offices in all the local government areas. INEC will give a date online when those concerned will go to INEC office of their local government area for data capturing.
The essence is to cross check and confirm that the person that registered online is the person. INEC will start issuing temporary voter card to those who registered from July 19, 2021. It is pertinent to note that Registration is a pre-requisite for exercising the right to vote. Those who do not have voter cards and whose names are not in the register of voters will not be allowed to vote on the Election Day. This is the crux of the matter. Many Nigerians complain about bad governance in the country, while others insist on continuity due to good governance in some states such as Anambra. Such persons need to know that one of the ways to effect leadership change or sustenance in a democracy is by voting during elections. Thus, to vote leaders of their choice, they must register ahead of elections and must come out to exercise their franchise when the need arises. It is a veritable tool to protect the people’s interest in elections. Also, data so generated from the registration exercise provide basic statistics for planning and other activities that will benefit the state and its people. We all know that politics is a game of number. Therefore, the areas with greater number of voters will be beautiful brides to politicians and government. Similarly, delineation of political wards and constituencies as well as creation of more states and local government areas is dependent on the number of voters within the area. Nowadays, voter card serves as a means of identification in banks, Sim card registration centres and other official and business transactions. 
Thus, local government administrators, politicians, traditional and religious leaders, town unions and heads of ministries, departments and agencies as well as market, labour, Okada, Keke and other transport union leaders must enforce in their members, subjects and followers, the culture of registering to vote, if they have not done so before. In fact, obtaining voter card should be compulsory for all adults.
The online registration process is easy, less cumbersome and affordable. Anyone who has access to internet in their smart phone or laptop can do the online registration by themselves.
Moreover, credible elections are not a function of what INEC alone does or fails to do, but more a function of the commitment of all stakeholders to make positive contributions to the system.
WRITTEN BY DR. TIMOTHY IFEDIORANMA
Anambra State Assembly Calls For Payment Of Salary Arrears To 75 ABS Deployed Staff
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-08 07:15:27CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a resolution urging Governor Willie Obiano to direct the Accountant General of the state to pay seventy eight staff of Anambra Broadcasting Service, absorbed into mainstreams of the State Civil Service and Post Primary Schools Service Commission in 2014 their arrears of salaries, covering the periods of March 1st, 2013 to June, 15th, 2014 and their 2013 leave allowances totaling forty-one-point-two million naira forthwith.   House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the House passed the resolution during yesterday’s plenary in Awka.   The House also urged the Account General to implement the House of Assembly resolution No. Awka/RES/2013/20 without further delay.   It also resolved that following the extant Rules, they cannot compel the Anambra State Civil Service Commission to act outside the Civil Service Rules by retrospective promotion of the petitioners.   The House added that compliance to their first recommendation be reported to them within one month from the date of adoption of the recommendations of its committee on Public Petition as resolution of the House.   They equally resolved that the Establishment Office of the Head of Service in conjunction with other necessary offices set in motion the machinery for immediate and comprehensive review of the Civil Service Rules of Anambra State 2003 to meet up with contemporary times.   The Chairman, House of Assembly committee on Public Petition, Honourable Emeka Aforka who presented the recommendations passed by the House, commended the House for doing justice to the petition   
Two Day Prayer Programme Ends In Awka, Urges Ndi Anambra To Embrace Peaceful Coexistence
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-08 07:14:05CategoriesState A two day Anambra Lets Pray Program powered by the State Ministry of Women, Children Affairs and Social Welfare has ended with a clarion call for Ndi Anambra to embrace positive life and champion peaceful coexistence.   The program tagged festival of miracle, held at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Center, Awka, was put together ahead of November sixth elections in seeking peaceful and transparent elections.   In his message, a guest speaker at the program, Dr Gospel Agochukwu said that they gathered to ensure that God takes control of the election process, as well as ensure that there won't be blood shed during the election.   Dr Agochukwu asked women to steer up their actions in protecting their families and society as women play important roles in the ministry of Christ and called on both federal and state governments to maintain gender equality in all their activities.  The Co-host of the program Reverend Ugochukwu Ekwem, extolled Lady Ndidi Mezue for organizing the program which he said will impact positively during and after Anambra election and prayed God to give Ndi Anambra, a leader that will maintain the motto of the state as light of the nation.   While thanking God for the success of the program, the Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue said that God listens to the prayers of mothers and charged the women not to rest in praying for a better Anambra.   A Nollywood Actor, popularly known as Chief Imo encouraged the women to imbibe good parenting attitude in order to have a serene society.   A gospel artiste, Brother Dan Ike, as well as other gospel singers were present at the event.   The event climaxed with prayers and testimonies. 
Anambra Govt Embarks On Removal Of Illegal Structures Along State Airport Road Umueri Anambra East Council Area
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-07-08 07:11:09CategoriesState Illegal structures springing up along one of the major roads leading to Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, have been marked for removal by the Anambra state government.   The marking exercise was conducted by a joint task force, led by officials of Anambra State Physical Planning Board.  Speaking during the exercise, the Executive Chairman, Anambra State Physical Planning Board, Barrister Chike Maduekwe, said approval was not obtained by the developers as the structures were supposed to be built one hundred meters away from the road and described their actions as illegal.   Barrister Maduekwe noted that if the developers had come to the board for approval, they would have been told the right thing to do, and advised potential developers against erecting structures without government approval.  The illegal developers were given a maximum of two weeks to comply or have the structures removed.   Trans Nkisi, Onitsha was also visited by officials of the Board, where walls in an ongoing project were pulled down because according to the Board , the developer was recalcitrant about obtaining government approval for the project.  
50yrs Post Nigeria Civil War: International Research Conference Holds In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-08 07:07:28CategoriesState International Research Conference on Fifty Years Post Nigeria Civil War, ogarnised by Centre for Health and Allied Legal and Demographical Development Research and Training, CHALADORAT, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, has ended in Awka.   The conference, aimed at charting the way forward towards building an enduring peace in Nigerian has as its theme: “Fifty Years Post Nigeria Civil War: issues, challenges and prospects towards national integration, justice, peace and security”, with sub-themes as: “Attitudes of the people of the old Eastern Nigeria towards Nigerian nationalism”, and “Governance, conflict resolution and sustainable national development”.  The Vice Chancellor of UNIZIK, Professor Charles Esimone, who described the conference as of monumental importance, considering the need to look back to factors that precipitated the civil war and chart the way forward, expressed optimism that the conference will bring about useful ideas and recommendations towards building an enduring peace in Nigeria.   The Keynote speaker at the conference, and one time Senate President of Nigeria, Senator Anyim Pius Anyim, who commended the institution for using the conference to find solutions to Nigeria's existential problems, observed that ethnic cleavages are still obvious, suggesting that Nigeria is still at war with itself.   He noted that no nation survives a repeat of civil war, and called on political leaders to use the lessons of the war for national advancement, ensuring that rule of law and equality of all citizens are promoted.   The immediate past President-General of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Nnia Nwodo, observed that Nigeria can only prosper when some aspects of Nigeria's current conditions are addressed, by using people of vision and experiences that abound in every part of the country.   Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that , Ambassador Bianca Ojukwu, Professors Uzodimma Nwala, Akachukwu Ezigbo, Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Most Reverend Dr Matthew Hassan Kukah, Emir of Shonga,  Dr. Haliru Yahaya, as well as Alhaji Salihu Lukman, were among speech presenters at the conference. 
Emecheta Urges Political Class Not To Compromise Electoral Process, Drums Support For Soludo
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-08 06:46:59CategoriesState Politicians have been urged not to allow their personal interest and aspirations threaten the Nations democratic process. Speaking in Awka, the National Chairman Willie Obiano Support Group, Chief Jude Emecheta said political parties and their members should respect the Electoral Act and the constitution of their various parties in the conduct of their affairs to ensure stability. Our man Paul Ezeoke reports that according to Chief Emecheta the free, fair and credible primary election by APGA was a further demonstration of internal democracy and cohesion within the party. He pointed out that people of the state at this time in the life of the state should avoid act and decision that could slow the pace of growth and development in the State. Chief Emecheta observed that emergence of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the APGA standard bearer in the November sixth Governorship election in the State holds brighter promise and prospect not only for the State but also the entire Southeast region as he has the knowledge, experience and skills to meet the demands of good governance in Twenty First Century as well as a global brand with name and integrity to protect. He said the APGA standard bearer has ideas and blueprint that will attract the international community to identify with the development aspirations of Anambra State and consolidate on achievements of Governor Willie Obiano. Also speaking, an APGA chieftain, Dr Mike Omenugha said APGA has remained a blessing to the people of the state as its administrations have redefined good governance and accelerated pace and quality of development in all sectors of the state economy. Dr Omenugha noted that the emergence of Professor Soludo is one of the best things that has happened to APGA and people of the State as has outstanding academic qualification, requisite experience and skills in administration and financial management as testified by international  financial bodies, agencies , organizations and the federal government that have been engaging his services of the years. He explained that the APGA's standard bearer already demonstrated clear vision and blueprint of the destination he targets to take the State to and expressed confidence that that he would receive mass support from across political party lines. 
203,497  Eligible Voters Complete Online Registration - INEC
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-08 06:44:11CategoriesNigeria The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, says about two hundred and three thousand, four hundred and ninety seven eligible Nigerians have completed the online registration as fresh voters. According to a statement signed by the INEC National Commissioner in charge of Information and voter Education, Mr Festus Okoye, of this number, Anambra State received six thousand, three hundred and thirteen registrants while Osun State which has the highest number of registrants recorded sixty seven thousand, seven hundred and seventy-two followed by Lagos State which registered thirty thousand, three hundred and thirty eight persons. He said considering the distribution by age, more youths between the ages of eighteen and thirty four have the highest number by recording one hundred and seventy-five thousand, eight hundred and forty-nine while by occupation, business people led the group with forty four thousand, four hundred and seventy eight registrants all in one week. Mr Okoye said the number could go up if applications for voter transfer, requests for replacement of permanent voter cards, update of voter information record are included. 
Anambra State Govt Intensifies Fight Against Illegal Revenue Collection, Nab 7 Suspects In Onitsha
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-07-08 06:41:41CategoriesState Anambra State government says its determination to make the State conducive for business transactions is total. The Chairman of the Taskforce on Illegal Revenue Collection which was constituted by the Anambra State Internal Revenue Service Mr Obinna Nweke stated this when he led members of the Taskforce to visit some Markets and other flash points  of activities of illegal tax collectors in Onitsha. Mr Nweke who during the visit displayed some of the fake tickets and receipts obtained from some illegal revenue collectors that were arrested by the team, expressed dismay over such behaviour adding that those arrested will be charged to court. A member of the Team and a trader at the Timber Market Bridge Head Onitsha, Mr Ozoemena Owo said being part of the Market, he can feel the pains the traders and their customers are passing through in the hands of these illegal revenue collectors and promised to carry out all government order to check such nefarious act. A trader at Drug Market Bridge Head Onitsha Mr Leo Ezevue maintained that the activities of these illegal revenue collectors have driven away their customers urging the government not to relent in its efforts to sanitize the State. The Team had earlier on arrival paid a courtesy call on the Chairman Onitsha Main Market Mr Kenneth Onyeka in his office, who commended the State Government and the Commissioner for Trade and Commerce Mr Uchenna Okafor for coming to their rescue condemning the nefarious activities of these illegal revenue collectors whom according to him have been harassing and intimidating their customers. Mr Onyeka promised to give the team all the necessary support and assistance needed to achieve the set objective. Emengini Osadebe reports that about seven men were arrested by the team for alleged selling of fake receipts, collection of illegal toll from tricyclists among other illegal businesses at different flash points. 
Another Building Collapses In Awka
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-07-08 06:39:15CategoriesState A two storey building under construction at Amikwo, Awka in Awka South Council Area has collapsed.
Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that though no life was lost, building materials worth millions of naira were wasted in the unfortunate incident.
On arrival, ABS observed that officials of Awka Capital Territory Development Agency had already sealed the site.
The first floor of the two storey building  collapsed completely on  the ground, while the remaining portion was  leaning on adjacent two storey building with occupants.

According to accounts of eyewitnesses who spoke to the ABS on the condition of anonymity, the building collapsed around 2:00 am with a loud bang which made neighbours to run out  to find out what happened..
While attributing  the collapse to poor mixture and reinforcement of building materials, they said that for fear of the unknown, many of them stayed outside till morning.
Meanwhile, the Managjng Directornof Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa revealed that the building which has been going on  slow pace since the past ten years, had been marked since 2018/2019 for demolition.

He said that after being sealed, the developer agreed to complete  it according to specification but ended up doing it the wrong way,  resuting to the partial collapse.
While appreciating God that there was no casualty, Venerable Okwuosa stressed that there are many such buildings which have being marked by the Authority's engineers, adding  that the agency always rely on their report to take necessary actions.
Anambra Assembly Committee Visits Disputed Plot At Ngozika Housing Estate Awka, Reassures Of Peaceful  Resolution
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-08 06:30:49CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Public Petitions has assured the allotee of plot four hundred and thirty-two, Ngozika Housing Estate, Awka and Anambra State Housing Development Corporation of amicable resolution of the matter between them. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that chairman of the committee, Honourable Emeka Aforka gave the assurance when the committee visited the plot in dispute for fact finding mission. The committee also warned land grabbers to desist from trespassing into government lands, as the state government will deal decisively with anyone caught in the act. On his part, the Managing Director, Anambra State Housing Development Corporation, Architect Willie Okafor, commended the Anambra State House of Assembly for partnering with them in addressing the challenges confronting the corporation. In his remarks, the petitioner, Mr. Chidi Obioha applauded the committee for visiting the site, expressing optimism that the visit will do justice to his petition. 
AfCFTA: Anambra State Govt Holds Stakeholders Meeting In Awka
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-08 06:27:22CategoriesState Anambra state government has organized meeting for key stakeholders in the trade and commerce industry in readiness for Nigeria's participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area, AfCFTA.   The meeting which took place at the Anambra state Government House, Awka, was attended by Anambra State Small Business Agency, ASBA, State Internal Revenue Services, Ministry of Trade and Commerce, that of Agriculture, among others, and aimed at discussing the benefits, implementation requirements and role of the state government in the implementation of the AfCFTA.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that African Continental Free Trade Area, AfCFTA, is driven by member states of African Union and regional economic communities such as Economic Community of West African States and others, as part of efforts towards ensuring free importation and exportation of goods and services within African countries through elimination of tariffs and non-tariffs barriers to trades in Africa   The major objectives of AfCFTA include, to create a single market for goods and services within Africa in order to deepen the economic integration of the African continent, to deliver an integrated continental market of one-point-two-seven billion consumers with aggregate Gross Domestic Product of three-point-four trillion U.S dollars, among others.   Nigeria signed the African Continental Free Trade Agreement in Niamey, Niger Republic, on the seventh of July 2019, to promote intra-African trade with other African countries.  Addressing the gathering, the Chairman Anambra state Action Committee on the African Continental Free Trade Area, who is also the state Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr Nnamdi Onukwuba explained that the main objective of the initiative is to ensure ease of doing business through elimination of unnecessary interference in business amongst African countries.   In a paper presentation, a member of the committee and the Managing Director of Anambra Small Business Agency, Sir Clement Chukwuka while enumerating achievements of the Obiano administration in uplifting the state's Gross Domestic Product through ASBA, since inception, explained that the state government is ever ready to issue assistance and loans to legitimate small and medium business owners in the state.   The meeting gave opportunity to representatives of ministries and agencies to air their views on the state of local goods production and challenges faced by industrialists in the state especially as it concern epileptic power supply and double taxation.   
Commentary: The Caring Nature Of Chief Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-07 07:05:42CategoriesColumnist To say that Chief Dr. Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, Osodieme, wife of the Governor of Anambra state, Chief Willie Obiano, is an embodiment of love and care is not an overstatement. For when you love someone, you automatically care for them; you cannot love without caring and from caring comes courage. Hence, to Osodieme, caring about the happiness of others, she finds her own happiness.
Dr Mrs Obiano, like Barbara Taylor and Mother Theresa, is a woman who ascended to mountaintops, found the loftiest peaks, most wrapped in clouds and snow; she then found the surpassed and subdued mankind and looked down on the hate of those below.
Suffice it to say that it is a sweet story that would be retold for a lifetime as, few days ago, twelve persons who were picked up on Anambra streets as mentally deranged and brought to the Anambra State Home for the Mentally Challenged, Nteje finally found their way home after undergoing full recovery processes at the centre, courtesy of Dr. Mrs. Obiano. The rehabilitated persons were also given household materials, foods, cash and equipment by Osodieme to start off any of the vocations they had learnt at the centre.
No doubt, having learnt different skills while at the centre, the rehabilitated persons would be able to cater for themselves and contribute to their family's and society's development. The centre where the twelve persons, four women and eight men, all from states outside Anambra State were treated and trained, had been wandering on popular streets around the state until they were brought to the place.
What stands out in the governor's wife's charity attitude is her disregard for class, religion and ethnicity. The fact that none of the rehabilitated persons are from Anambra State says something unique about the character of Osodieme, indicating that that Dr (Mrs) Obiano's infectious kindness stands tall among all charity stories.
The rehabilitation centre is a social work arm under the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, but enjoys major support and partnership with the Caring Family Enhancement Initiative CAFE, a charity organization run by wife of the governor, Osodieme. Since its formal establishment in January, 2015, the centre has rehabilitated over one hundred and forty-two persons, of which eighty percent of them are not indigenes of Anambra State.
It is rather heartening that love and care for those who cannot fend for themselves have become an indispensable part of the wife of the governor, who touches people's lives at all times. The governor's wife has reminded people the importance of taking the menace of mental health very seriously.
There is no doubt that the current society is in dire need of a lot of advocates like Dr Mrs Obiano to fight the cause of mental health and fend for the hoi-poloi in the society. It would be recalled that by her NGO, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ), Dr Mrs Obiano, as at the last count, has built about 30 brand new bungalows and handed over, free of charge, to indigent widows across Anambra State.
CAFE has equally constructed 32 modern public toilets in rural markets across the State. Also, to assist women in hard-to-reach communities, Osodieme has completed about 57 water borehole projects to complement government efforts in water supply.
In the same vein, Osodieme has facilitated free corrective surgeries for over 200 children and persons with congenital mouth disorders of Cleft lip and Cleft palate. CAFÉ has also provided over 3,000 physically challenged persons with prosthetic limbs and mobility aides. Perhaps, the most impactful and enduring programme of the NGO is in the promotion of human capital development with over 6,000 beneficiary women, widows and physically challenged trained and empowered in various skills under its Skills Training and Empowerment programme.
What the governor's wife's humanitarian motives represent reflect boldly in the book of Psalms; "blessed is he that considers the poor, the Lord shall deliver him in times of trouble".
WRITTEN BY BARR. CHUKS EZEWUZIE
FRSC Seeks Collaboration, Collective Action To Promote Road Safety
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-07-07 07:01:10CategoriesState The Federal Road Safety Corps, FRSC, says safety on the high way, is a collective responsibility which should not be left for the government alone. The Anambra State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Mr Adeoye Irelewuyi, stated this when he led his management team to a courtesy call on an Industrialist, Dr Godwin Okafor, in his office at the Agu-Awka Industrial Layout. Queen Anigbogu was there for the ABS and reports that Corps Commander Irelewuyi who said that the mandate of the Federal Road Safety Corps, which also applied to Anambra State is to reduce road crashes on the highways, solicited the support of the management of the firm in ensuring safer roads in Anambra State. He explained the relationship between safe roads and the economy saying that when the roads are safe, there is minimal loss of life and resources.  Mr Irelewuyi pointed out other areas his agency wishes to partner with the company include organizing training programme for their drivers among others areas. In his response, the Managing Director of the firm DrGodwin Okafor appreciated the Federal Road Safety Corps, for the visit and appealed to them to assist the company for easy movement of its goods from the factories to various destinations. He mentioned that the company has three factories in Abuja, Lagos and Awka and pledged their support to Federal Road Safety Corps, in ensuring safer roads. In a vote of thanks, the Assistant Corps Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Mrs Okora Awassam, thanked management of the company for previous collaboration with the agency even as they look forward to more partnerships and prayed God to continue to be with the Dr Godwin Okafor even as his business continues to thrive. Presentation of a plaque by the Federal Road Safety Corps, to Dr Godwin Okafor a one-time President of foam manufactures association of Nigeria was the highlight of the visit. 
NAF To Partner Rotary International In Humanitarian Services
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-07 06:58:39CategoriesState The Air Officer commanding the ground training Command Nigerian Air force Enugu Air vice Marshal Frank Oparah says the command will partner Rotary International in achieving its objective of serving mankind. Air vice Marshal Oparah who is a member of Rotary club of Wuse Central Abuja gave the assurance when he received the district governor of Rotary 9142, Dr Okey Okonkwo in his office. According to Air vice Marshal Oparah there is need for synergy between Rotary International and the Nigerian Air force describing their roles as symbiotic in promoting co-existence in various ramifications.  Air vice Marshal Oparah used the opportunity to charge his officers and men to join Rotary since according to him it pays to serve humanity, describing Rotary as a voluntary organization that is doing the work of charity. Earlier the Governor of Rotary International District 9142, Dr Okey Okonkwo who hails from Igbo-ukwu in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State, said that the aim of the visit was to seek more collaboration between Rotary and Nigerian Air force especially in the areas of saving and touching lives. Dr Okonkwo, regretted the high rate of restiveness among the youths and called on the government to create more employment opportunities for them to divert their mind from crime and restiveness. Dr Okonkwo advised Nigerians to always engage on those programmes that will promote unity, peace and progress. 
Anambra State Assembly Wades Into Dispute Between Housing Development Corporation And Ngozika Housing Estate Alottee
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-07 06:54:03CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Public Petitions has directed the Anambra State Housing Development Corporation and the Alottee of plot 432 at Ngozika Housing Estate, Awka to maintain peace pending the conclusion of the matter by the House of Assembly. The committee gave the directive during its meeting with both parties at the Assembly complex in Awka. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that according to the petitioner, Mr. Chidi Obioha, his client, late Chief Marcel Ejikeme purchased landed property at the said Estate with plot number 432 from the Anambra State Housing Development Corporation in 2000, at the sum of thirteen point five million. He told the committee that when his client made attempt to take procession of the property, he was chased away by some land grabbers who told him that the land is not free from encumbrance as at the time of purchase. He went further to say that several efforts made by the wife of the late Chief Ejikeme to take procession of the plot failed. The petitioner prayed the committee to look into the matter and serve justice to his client by way of refund of the money he paid for the land in in dispute or put his family in procession of the property. On his part, the Director, Estate Services, Anambra State Housing Development Corporation, Mr. Anthony Nwofor explained that the plot in question is not encumbered as it was purchased legally by the petitioner. He however, admitted that it was one of their plots that were grabbed by fraudsters and sold to a church group in Awka and some individuals and that the corporation is working hard to solve the problem. Responding, the Chairman of the committee, Chief Emeka Aforka said that the committee will visit the plot of land in dispute to discover the truth and submit their recommendations to the State House of Assembly. 
NDLEA  Cautions Students Against Illicit Drugs
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-07-07 06:51:51CategoriesState Nigeria Drug Law Enforcement Agency NDLEA, has advised students to avoid intake of hard drugs to actualize their academic pursuit.
The Principal Staff Officer Drug Demand Reduction Unit, NDLEA Dr. Chine Thompson gave the advice while addressing participants at this year's International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking organized by the Anambra state Library Board in conjunction with the NDLEA  at AbaganaNjikoka Council Area .

Dr. Thompson identified   effects of hard drugs to include physical, psychological and sociological  which she said damages body organs,  causes depression and anxiety among others  and urged parents to always check on the activities of their children from early stage of their life .
The Divisional Police Officer  for Abagana, CSP Mathew Okafor represented by the Divisional Crime  Officer Abagana, SP Ignatius Okafor said implications of taking hard drugs are enormous, noting that most of the crimes committed by  youths are as a result of intake of hard drugs.

    Also speaking,  the Director Anambra Library Services, Dr. Nkechi Udeze regretted the damages hard drugs cause to the society and explained that the programme was to help the students know much about hard drugs, their effects and why they should avoid them.
Pope Francis Appoints New Bishop For Abakaliki Diocese
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-07 06:48:09CategoriesNigeria Pope Francis has appointed a new Bishop for the Dioese of Abakaliki; he is Reverend Peter Nworie Chukwu.
A statement signed by the Apostoli Nuncio and made available to the press by the National Director of Social Communications, Padre Mike Umoh, says, Reverend Father Chukwu born on fifth November,  nineteen sixty five was ordained a Catholic priest twenty eight years ago, presently  the Parish Priest of Saint Patrick's Parish Nduruku-Amago and a lecturer at the Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki.
The statement added that Reverend Father Chukwu has a Doctorate in Philosophy from the Marquette University in Milwaukee U.S.A
Senate To Probe Maltreatment of Nigerians in Benin Republic
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-07 06:44:32CategoriesNigeria Nigeria Senate is to set up a committee to look into how Nigerians are treated outside the shores of the country.
The Senate President, Ahmed Lawan, stated this during plenary  after a motion by the Senator representing Ogun West, Odebiyi Akinremi, on the ill treatment metted out on Nigerians in Benin Republic in recent times.
The Senate President, said the committee will include the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and all border agencies to get a lasting solution to such experiences.
Earlier, while moving the motion, Senator Odebiyi, prayed the Senate President to use his good offices to communicate with his counterparts in the country to nip such actions in the bud.
The motion was supported by Senators Rochas Okorocha of Imo West and Ibikunle Amosu of Ogun Central who both wondered why Benin Republic will look down on Nigeria and Nigerians in spite of the country being regarded an elder brother.
Meanwhile, the Senate President has announced the composition of the Conference Committee on the Petroleum Industry Bill.
Members of the conference committee include: Senate Leader Yahaya Abdullahi – Chairman; Senators Mohammed Sabo – North West; Albert Bassey Akpan – South South; Danjuma Goje – North East; Opeyemi Bamidele – South West; Stella Oduah – South East; Gabriel Suswam – North Central.
Lawan charged members of the conference committee to meet with their counterparts in the House of Representatives and come up with a final document on the PIB for transmission to the Executive arm of government.
Commentary: Strengthening NYSC Scheme
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-06 06:22:43CategoriesColumnist A bill to scrap the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) scheme recently passed the second reading in the House of Representatives.  In the proposed bill, the sponsor, Awaji-Inombek Abiante, representing Andoni-Opobo/Nkoro Federal Constituency of Rivers State, cited “incessant killing of innocent corps members in some parts of the country due to banditry, religious extremism and ethnic violence, incessant kidnapping of corps members across the country to justify the call for abolition of the 48 year-old youth scheme.
Other reasons given by Abiante include the non-recruitment of corps members after the service year by public and private agencies, poor remuneration and preferential postings due to insecurity, among other reasons.
NYSC scheme was established on May 22, 1973 by General Yakubu Gowon’s military regime to unify the country after the Nigerian Civil War. Since the inauguration of the scheme, it has done a lot to enable the participants understand other parts of the country and their cultures.  It has led to inter-ethnic marriages and helped to cement the bonds among the ethnic groups.
Thus, even if there was no civil war, common sense dictates that, to weld these disparate people into a united nation, a certain semblance of unity of purpose must somehow be forged to encourage peace, and a sense of nationhood.
To scrap the NYSC is beyond reason and would negate all the numerous sacrifices made to unify the country. How scrapping the NYSC would contribute to any sense of security is even more difficult to understand.
The anguish of losing seven NYSC members during the political riots of 2011 may have been traumatic. It was clearly a national disaster, indicating that NYSC members must not be considered vulnerable wherever they may be.  The scramble to serve in familiar locations, to bribe officials to secure such postings, should, furthermore, be the priority of the NYSC headquarters.
To stamp out that temptation ought to be the objective of postings.  The aim should be to post Bayelsans, for instance, to Sokoto and Lagosians to Borno, to devise a formula to ensure that members come out with “the NYSC spirit’.
For many years, the idea has been floated to enrich the programme by making it a two-year scheme in which the first year is devoted to military training and emergency management, as a recruiting platform for the National Guard, similar to that of the United States trained men and women who could be mobilized at short notice in the case of national emergencies.
Two years will give the corps members the opportunity to consolidate their cultural assimilation in their new places of service.  One year is good but two years will consolidate knowledge and experience.  Then we can have an opportunity to re-orientate a nationalist corps, which can be trusted to be free of prejudices.
Indeed, rather than seek the scrapping of NYSC, we think it is time to strengthen the programme and make it better. The bill in the National Assembly ought to be reviewed.  The corps members should be better paid and given greater responsibilities wherever they serve.
They must be recognized and appreciated for serving the nation. The cultural benefit of inter-ethnic marriages is, perhaps, one reason the nation has kept hanging on together. We think the federal and state governments should rededicate themselves to making the most of the NYSC and ensure the safety and comfort of corps members.
Therefore, we urge the House of Representatives to review forthwith the bill seeking to scrap the National Youth Service Corps.
WRITTEN BY PROF. ANTHONY EZE
Onwa Agwu Cultural Festival Holds At Nri, Anaocha Council Area
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-07-06 06:20:45CategoriesState It has been observed that Life Lager Beer is the most consumed alcoholic beverage in Anambra State and South-East geopolitical zone. Prominent traditional rulers in Anambra State stated this during the just concluded Onwa Agwu Cultural festival at Nri in Anaocha Local Government Area. Correspondent Blessing Uchendu reports that traditionally, Onwa Agwu is a historical festival in Agukwu Nrị that is held either in June or July of every year depending on where it falls in the traditional calendar of a particular year.  According to some natives, the masquerade festival which is held just after crops have been planted for the rainy season, is meant to fend off spirits of misfortune and ill luck for the rest of the year. It was  therefore a mutual cultural affair between Agukwu Nrị community and the Nigerian Breweries Plc which has stood strongly for so many years as the brewer of historic alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages of which Life Lager is an age-long name among them. Nrị being the ancestral head of Igbo origin, people from different walks of life came together at the festival to endorse Life Lager beer as the leading alcoholic beverage in Anambra State and the entire South East. The endorsement of Life Lager at the event was also replicated with names such as Onyeze also known as Mmanya Oganiru.  Performing the function, the Chairman, Anaocha Traditional Rulers' Council and the Traditional Ruler of Neni, Igwe Onwuamaeze Ezeani, said that Life Beer brand is the best for Ndị Igbo and urged the manufacturers not to relent in extending in its coperate social responsibility. In his remark, the President General of Nrị Progress Union, Chief Kelvin Obiegbunam, appreciated the brand for choosing Nrị as the venue of the event, and assured that their coming to ancient kingdom would not be in vain.  In their remarks, the Regional Business Manager, East, Nigerian Breweries Plc, Mr Austin Aka and the Corporate Affairs Manager, East of the firm, Lady Joy Egolum, said that the aim of the endorsement from Nri Ancient Kingdom was to let all Igbo people know that Life Beer is the king among other beer brands and commended the Nri Ancient Kingdom for welcoming them.  Dignitaries at the event included the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr Uche Nworah, Portfolio Manager, Mainstream Lager, Mrs Kehinde Kadiri, Senior Brand Manager Life Beer Mrs Aishat Anaekwe and the Brand Manager Mr Chidi Egwu among other personalities from both the firm and host community.  Investiture on Life Beer signifying Igbo royalty and grandeur, and cultural displays by different dance groups in Nri made the event memorable. 
Bubendorf Memorial Grammar School Adazi - Nnukwu  Old Boys Association Inaugurates Road Project
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-07-06 06:16:17CategoriesState Members of the Old Boys association of Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Adazi-Nnukwu in Anaocha Local Government Area led by their National President, Chief Boniface Ugonabo has inaugurated a road project known as Bubendorff main Avenue which is over six hundred meters and also a music and art centre named after the Principal Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, Sir Willie Nwokoye, an Old Boy of the school.  The school also used the opportunity to unveil Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Hall of Fame which has the names of major donors to the school. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha  reports that  speaking after the inauguration of the projects, a one-time APGA National Chairman and immediate past Senator  representing Anambra Central at the National Assembly, Chief Victor Umeh who said that the school  impacted on his upbringing assured of continued support to the school.  Chief Umeh called on old students of different schools to assist the State government in building a greater society by supporting their alma mater. Chief Victor Umeh had earlier during the pontifical high mass celebrated  inside the Chapel he is building for the school assured that he will complete the  projects. He promised to procure a brand new car for a former principal of the school Dr William Ezeh. On his part, the Principal Secretary to the Governor, Sir Willie Nwokoye appreciated the school for the honour, and said he will continue to support their activities.  He also prayed that the Centre of Music and Art will achieve its purpose by producing artists that will make a great mark in the music and art world. The Anambra State Head of Service, Mr Harry Udu in his remarks tasked students of the school to aspire to be the best to ensure that the commitments of the Alumni and that of Anambra State government yield great result. UPSOT The Auxiliary Bishop of Awka Catholic Diocese, Most Reverend Jonas Benson Okoye commended the Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Old Boys association for its  commitment in placing the school top among its contemporaries. The Bishop while consecrating the projects prayed that the purpose of initiating them should be fully maximized.  The National President, Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Old Boys Association Chief Boniface Ugonabo expressed joy with the progress made so far and assured they will not relent until the best is achieved. 
Over 200 Farmers Receive Free Input  In  Ihiala Council Area From NGO
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-07-06 06:11:34CategoriesState Over two hundred farmers in Ihiala Local Government Area have received farm input for enhanced Food production. A non-governmental Organization "The Light Giver's Humanitarian Foundation disbursed the farm input at the end of a three month Agricultural Programme it organized for rural women at Saint Martin's Catholic Church Ihiala. Odinaka Nwolisa reports that among the input were Cassava Stems, bags of fertilizer, seedlings, farm tools and pesticides.  Addressing the beneficiaries, the President-General of the community, Chief Okey Chukwu who observed that agriculture has remained the mainstay of the nation's economy, explained that the support and sustainable development will have significance impact as well as assist the farmers to maximize their yields. He said that the benefactor has not only contributed to rural development but has demonstrated the think home philosophy of the present administration, urging the women to utilize the input to stimulate growth in the agricultural sector.  Earlier, the benefactor, Chief Stanley Obodoagwu, said the empowerment programme was to give back to the society, expand capacity, secure food security as well as contribute in reducing poverty and unemployment rate. In their various remarks, the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Information Strategy, Mr Akachukwu Mmaduakolam and the Secretary-General of the foundation Mrs. Mary Okeke commended the benefactor for his efforts in boosting rural development through human oriented initiatives.  Speaking on behalf of the twenty wards that benefitted from the exercise  Mr. Ubat Okenwa and Mrs. Christian Adiru, appreciated their illustrious son for putting smile on the faces of the women and assured of making proper use of the input. Some of the beneficiaries who spoke to the ABS including Mrs. Felicia Ohanye from Okija and Mrs. Helen Ejezie from Ebonesie expressed gratitude for such gesture and prayed God to reward the benefactor. 
Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Adazi-Nnukwu Reintroduces Cultural Day Celebration
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-07-06 06:07:51CategoriesState It was a display of Igbo culture at Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School Adazi-Nnukwu, as the school reintroduced cultural day celebration which ceased to exist in the school since 1980’s.   The cultural event commenced with a pontifical high Mass presided over by the Auxiliary Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Jonasbenson Okoye.  The cultural day featured many activities including musical performances, cultural dance, drama, coronation of Igwe Bubendorff Memorial Grammar School and launching of a book written in Igbo language titled Obi-Echina among others.   Speaking on the essence of the day, the manager of the school, Reverend Father Theodore Ekwem re-echoed the need for the revival of Igbo culture, Igbo language and cultural heritage.   Father Ekwem regretted the level in the decline of Igbo language, and called on stakeholders to join forces in bringing to life, the dying Igbo language and culture.  The Catholic Priest used the avenue to appreciate those that have supported the school and make the celebration an annual event.   Guests at the event, including, Senator Victor Umeh, the Principal Secretary to the Anambra state Governor, Sir Willie Nwokoye, Anambra state Head of Service, Barrister Harry Udu, among others, commended the schools initiative and assured that they will continue to contribute towards the growth and development of the school. 
NSIP: FG Distributes Engagement Letters, Tablets To 150 Independent Monitors In Anambra State
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-06 06:04:36CategoriesState Federal Government has through the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development, distributed engagement letters and tablets to the trained one hundred and fifty independent monitors of the National Social Investment Programme in Anambra state.   The one hundred and fifty independent monitors of the national social investment programme were selected, four persons from each of the twenty-one Local Government Areas of Anambra state and federal government is to pay them stipend of thirty thousand naira monthly, for one year.  The obligations of the one hundred and fifty independent monitors of the National Social Investment Programmes include, routine Monitoring of all programmes under the National Social Investment Programme, in their assigned Local Governments Areas, provision of evidence-based report on findings in the field, and Submission of various categories of reports in accordance with the set timelines, among others.   The National Social Investment Programme was created by President Muhammadu Buhari in 2016 with the mandate of lifting Nigerians out of poverty through a number of Social Interventions which include, the Job Creation Programme N-POWER, National Home-Grown School Feeding Programme, Conditional Cash Transfer Programme, and Government Enterprise and Empowerment Programme.   These programmes were moved to the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management and Social Development in 2019 following the creation of the Ministry, and presently, the Programmes are being implemented in thirty-six states of the Country and the Federal Capital Territory.  The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disasters Management and Social Development, Hajia Sadiya Umar-Farouq represented at the event by the Director Planning, Research and Statistics in the Ministry, Mr Raphael Oraeluno reminded the independent monitors that the Ministry has the right to disengage any of them for misconduct or noncompliance with set guidelines and directives, and urged them to carry out their assignment with utmost sense of patriotism, diligence, and sincerity, as the Ministry will not accept anything short of the set standards.   Anambra state government was represented by the state National Home-Grown School Feeding Programme Focal Person, Lady Chinwe Iwuchukwu who spoke through the state Program Manager, National Home-Grown School Feeding Programme, Lady Uzoamaka Eriken restated the commitment of the state government towards ensuring that the state maintains the lead in the poverty alleviation program of the federal government.   In their various speeches, the Deputy Director Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management And Social Development who is also the Team Leader for distribution of the engagement letters and tablets in the South East, Mr Charles Nwanelo-Anelo, the state Director, National Orientation Agency, Barrister Charles Nwoji, and Director Anambra state Cash Transfer Unit, Mr Raphael Enukorah,  while pointing out that the employment of the independent monitors will enable the Ministry detect areas where there are challenges, provide greater visibility of activities happening in the field, as well help to deliver on its mandate and contribute to President Buhari's vision of lifting one hundred million Nigerians out of Poverty, charged the monitors on transparency and fairness in their daily routine.   In  various interviews, some of the Independent Monitors including Mr Kenneth Ayiba from Njikoka Local Government Area, Miss Chinyere Eze, and Mr Anthony Okafor thanked the federal government for the initiative and promised to live up to the expectation in the course of their duties. 
Anambra Women Affairs Ministry Holds Prayer Session In Awka For Peace, Successful Election
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-06 05:59:35CategoriesState Anambra State Ministry of Women Affairs, Children and Social Welfare has organised a prayer session for a peaceful State.   The prayer session which was held at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Center, Awka, was tagged “Festival of Miracle, and “Anambra Lets Pray”.   The Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue together with the Presidents General of Women wings of all the communities in the state, led by their National President, Lady Franca Nwigbo and other women groups of churches joined hands in fellowship to seek God's intervention in all the challenges facing the state and pray for peaceful election in Anambra state.  In his message, the Pastor, Christ Living Hope Miracle Church, Isuanaocha, Reverend Ugochukwu Ekwem said that obedience to God's instructions and open mindedness are the principles of salvation and asked the women to make prayers their watch words.   On her part, Lady Ndidi  said the prayer session was to seek God's face on things bordering women and to have hope that God is the only solution as well as their last resort.   In their separate speeches, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Social Re-orientation, Mrs Mitchelle Onugbolu and the National President of Anambra State Association of Town Union, Lady Franca Nwigbo, said that women played important roles  in the ministry of Jesus Christ and made it clear that women should redouble their efforts in prayers and sanitize the society of immoralities as well as maintain good family values.  Also present at the event were, a gospel artist, Mr Chinedu Nwadike, women from the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA led by their state Woman Leader, Mrs Gloria Udevi, among others. 
Rainy Season: Anambra Health Commissioner Tasks Residents On Prevention Of Diseases
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-06 05:56:20CategoriesState The Anambra state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala has cautioned residents of the state to be weary of water borne diseases as the rainy season sets in.   Dr. Okpala who stated this in Awka urged Ndi Anambra and residents of the State to imbibe the habit of cleanliness to avoid and prevent water borne diseases.   The Health Commissioner equally appealed to residents of the state to always keep COVID-19 preventive protocols, as the dreaded disease has not been defeated.   Dr. Okpala cautioned Ndi Anambra to ensure that they drink and cook with only hygienic water to be safe from water borne disease, as well as ensure that they do not contract the disease by keeping their environment clean.   The Commissioner of Health assured that his ministry will do all within his power to safeguard residents of the state from all forms of diseases, by adequate and proper sensitization and awareness campaign. 
Mrs Ibezim Urges Mothers To Be Alive To Family, Society Responsibilities
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-06 05:54:16CategoriesState Wife of the Archbishop of Niger Province and Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese, Mrs Martha Ibezim has urged mothers to understand their responsibilities as major players in family and societal growth.   Mrs Ibezim stated this at the sixteenth Aguata Diocesan Women's Conference held at Saint Peter's Anglican Church, Ezinifite Aguata Local Government Area.   According to the Bishop's wife, if mothers can look inwards with regards to the myriads of challenges  confronting families and the society, and act the way they should, the collective society would be better off.   She also reminded mothers of their roles in raising God-fearing children as a major foundation for a better society.   On the theme of the conference, “Divine Principles of Transformation: Discipleship”, Mrs Ibezim said that the conference had given mothers the opportunity to be transformed, having come in contact with God's revival.   On her part, the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Secondary School Monitoring, Dame Chinyere Mbakwe announced that the state government has adopted a new academic calendar for pupils and students residing in riverine areas because of the annual flood threat.   She urged affected mothers to look up to the calendar for the latest update.   Diocesan Women's Conference is an annual summit of all Anglican mothers to discuss issues bordering on faith and society, activities of the women's ministry and the church during the previous year and plans for the present year.   The theme for this year's conference is, “Divine Principles of Transformation: Discipleship”. 
Commentary: Understanding Obiano`s Succession Plan
AuthorJAMES EZEDate2021-07-05 07:15:17CategoriesColumnist With the emergence of a renowned economist and former CBN Governor, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, as the candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the coming gubernatorial election in Anambra State, Governor Willie Obiano appears to emphasize the point that succession is an important obligation of leadership and that part of a leader’s silent mission should be to find someone with the right orientation and temperament to succeed him.
Indeed, it says much about Obiano’s personal philosophy that in a country where the tradition for outgoing governors is to handpick spineless and clueless aspirants who they can easily manipulate as successors, Governor Obiano had worked very hard to ensure the emergence of an astute professor of economics whose exploits are known all over the world, to stand in line to succeed him.
It is a strong statement of his resolve to allow Anambra State to flourish under the tender care of someone with a proven capacity for leadership. There is a great deal of hope that Soludo’s candidacy will inspire confidence in the party machinery and also assure Ndi Anambra that their beloved state is on a trajectory that makes greatness inevitable.
In a sense, Obiano’s efforts to have a competent successor like Soludo is a powerful reminder of the implied wisdom in the popular proverb that “a society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in.” Most advanced societies in the world today are products of courageous leaders who predicted the future by ensuring that the basic philosophies of growth and progress were sustained through a clear line of succession.
Governor Obiano was evidently plotting his succession graph when he tapped Soludo to deliver his third Anniversary Lecture in March 2017. It was a subtle hint at succession that most people did not notice. It brought the renowned economist closer to the point where he could observe things at close quarters.
But it also gave him a great chance to leave an enduring imprint in the memory of the party and the hierarchies of leadership in the state. His choice to speak on “Anambra: An Emerging Start-up State And our Collective Challenge” also points an unwavering finger at what was to come.
Similarly, when Governor Obiano set up Anambra’s Vision 2070 Project and drafted Soludo to head the Committee, he was dropping subtle hints about his dreams of sustainable progress and whom he thought should guide Anambra into a brighter future after him. All these show that nothing was left to chance.
It has to be stated, that the emergence of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the candidate of the ruling party raises hopes of a greater Anambra State. There is probably no better person to continue Obiano’s legacy.
Soludo is a consultant to over 20 international development and financial institutions, a former Chief Economic Adviser to the President, a former Governor of CBN and a chairman or member of 25 committees. His pedigree as an achiever has been confirmed with over 200 national and international awards.
Therefore, Obiano’s wish for Soludo to succeed him is understandable. Not only has he found a pair of competent hands to build a super structure atop the structure he has erected, he has also found someone who would preserve his own legacy. After all, in the words of America’s best-selling author, John Maxwell, “a leader’s lasting value is measured by succession.” With Soludo as his likely successor, Obiano would have secured the future of Anambra State with a bold and wise succession plan.
Anambra Economic Planning Commissioner Okoye  Commends CSDA On Achievements
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-07-05 07:11:12CategoriesState The Commissioner for Economic Planning, Budget and Development Partners, Mr. Mark Okoye, says his ministry has always promote participatory approaches to governance as part of the policy thrust and paradigm shifts championed by Governor Willie Obiano’s administration. Mr. Okoye stated this during a public presentation of achievements, organized by the Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, CSDA, in Awka. While describing the CSDA as the most successful and popular development intervention within the oversight of his ministry, Mr. Okoye disclosed that the agency has the requisite capacity for community and social development in all their ramification, hence the reason why it has been positioned to play major roles in the implementation of the upcoming Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus Programme for Results, NG-CARES. The board chairman, Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, Igwe Roland Odegbo of Nteje, who gave an overview of the agency, applauded Governor Obiano for availing the state the opportunity to join. Igwe Odegbo explain that based on the stake’s poverty map, the project intervened with focus on the poorest of the poor in twelve council areas with micro projects spread across seven sectors. He revealed that communities and groups interventions benefited over two point five million people directly and indirectly while eighty-one permanent jobs and livelihoods were created in addition to six hundred direct temporary jobs and three thousand indirect temporary jobs in the course of implementation. 
Plane Crash Claims 17 Lives In Philippines
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-05 07:09:08CategoriesNigeria A military plane crash in the southern Philippines has claimed at least seventeen lives while forty were pulled alive from the burning wreckage. The military transport aircraft was carrying ninety-two people, mostly troops, when it overshot the runway on Jolo Island. According to report, the soldiers were part of the military's stepped-up presence in the southern Philippines to combat Islamist militants and many of them, only recently completed basic military training. Officials said there was no sign that the aircraft had been attacked, and an investigation would start once the rescue operation was complete. 
AIRS Targets N36Bn Revenue This Year
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-05 07:03:28CategoriesState Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, (AIRS), says the internally generated revenue can sustain the State if all taxable individuals, businesses and assets in the state duly pay their taxes and levies.   The Chairman and Chief Executive, Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, (AIRS), Dr. David Nzekwu who stated this while briefing journalists in his office at the Revenue House, Awka, revealed that the agency targets to generate thirty-six billion naira for the State Government this year.  He said this can only be achieved if Ndi Anambra and businesses promptly pay their taxes and levies for the development of the state.   Dr Nzekwu decried the low level of tax payment in the state despite figures from the National Bureau of Statistics which show that about one point two million people in Anambra State are doing business in the state.   The AIRS boss also revealed that the agency has developed a new tax system which is designed to identify every taxable individuals, business and assets recognized by state tax laws and made the system accessible and transparent for taxpayers.   He warned defaulters of the penalty in dodging their tax obligations.   Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that Dr. Nzekwu also warned against paying levies or taxes to any union or association as the AIRS is the only duly constituted body approved by the state government on the matter of taxes and levy collection. 
Mrs Obiano Asks Women To Champion Promotion Of Moral Values In Society
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-05 07:00:53CategoriesState Wife of the governor of Anambra State, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano has urged women to remain resilient in the fight for safe and morally sound society.   The governor's wife stated this while addressing women at a service to mark the sixteenth Aguata Diocesan Women's Conference held at Saint Peter's Church, Ezinifite, Aguata Local Government Area.   Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe,  reports that in her address, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano, represented by the Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Duties, Mrs. Amaka Ezeike, felicitated with Aguata women and urged them to remain fervent in being the light of their homes.  Dr. Obiano who asked the women to always take note of the theme of the just-concluded 2021 Mothers' Summit: “Fighting gender-based violence In a COVID-19 world,” reminded them that her charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFÉ remained resilient in protecting women, especially the poor and vulnerable. In her remarks, wife of the Bishop of Aguata Diocese and President, Aguata Women's Ministry, Mrs. Chinyere Ezeofor said that the conference has provided women an avenue to renew their commitment to God, by adopting the theme of the event in prayers and character.   She said that the theme which spreads across three years is expected to remould the mindset of the participants towards the things of God.   Earlier in a sermon, the Bishop of the Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor said that God's call to serve is an opportunity for a new beginning that must be embraced for its unconditional benefits.   The Bishop who stated that serving God comes with its challenges, as seen in the lives of Christ's disciples, stressed that the journey to redemption comes with immense sacrifice. Some mothers who attended the conference including the chairperson, central planning committee of the conference, Lady Ngozi Ike, Lady Uche Nwosu, Mrs Chioma Ezekwueme, said that the event had transformed them and also equipped them with the right tools to effect godly changes on their families and immediate society. The Director of Media and Communications, Aguata Diocese, Mr. Abuchi Nwozor, his Music Directorate counterpart, Dr. Chukwudi Ezeokoli, Sir Izuchukwu Nwabueze as well the clergy among others, attended the service.   The theme for the conference is "Divine Principles of Transformation: Discipleship". 
 Ohaneze Ndigbo VP Okeke Ogene Urges FG To Accelerate Work On Second Niger Project To Deliver On Schedule
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-05 06:57:08CategoriesState The Federal Government has been urged to accelerate pace of work on  the Second Niger Bridge Project.   Speaking in Awka, the Vice President of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Damian Okeke Ogene said this would enable it fulfill the promise of delivering the project on schedule.   Chief Okeke Ogene noted that the second Niger Bridge is a critical national infrastructure with huge socioeconomic potential for Nigerians across the country and noted that when completed, it would reduce burden on the existing bridge constructed since 1965.   He said it would also enhance free flow of traffic, improve safety and boost volume of trade and other business activities.   Chief Okeke Ogene commended Governor Willie Obiano and traditional rulers in communities around the area for encouraging the people to cooperate with the contractor to deliver the project, noting that already value of land and property in the areas have continued to appreciate.   Also speaking, the State Chairman of Nigeria Miners Association Chief Henry Igboeli noted that dredging of the River Niger would enhance water transportation to compliment movement by land and ensure total turnaround of the transport sector.   Chief Igboeli cautioned against illegal mining and illegal structures within the axis of the bridge project to avoid threatening the multi billion naira infrastructure and lamented that over the years, illegal mining has continued to aggravate the menace of erosion, environmental degradation and flooding.   He reminded residents of the state of the need to take ownership of government facilities in their areas to protect them from abuse and vandalization. 
Archbishop Ibezim Ordains Four Deacons At Amawbia Awka South Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-07-05 06:55:08CategoriesState The Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim, has ordained four new Deacons in the Anglican Church.   The Trinity Diaconate Ordination was held at Saint Peter’s Church Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area.   The Four new Deacons are Reverends Eistein Emone, Echezonachukwu Chizualum, Stanley Nweke and Nnamdi Nwokoye.   Correspondent Emmanuel Chigbata now completes the reports that during the Ordination, Archbishop Ibezim urged them to preach the principles of the Holy Bible and not allow themselves to be deceived.  He said that the duty of a Deacon is to serve the Church of God and to work with its members as well as assisting the priest whom he serves in leading the worship of the people, especially in the administration of the Holy Communion and prayed God to bless their ministry.   Earlier In his sermon, the Retreatant and Archdeacon of Nibo Archdeaconry, Venerable Goodness Amaechi, through his theme, "The Cost of Discipleship," urged the church to always carry the cross of Jesus Christ.   The Vicar, St. Peter's Church Amawbia and Archdeacon Amawbia Archdeaconry, Venerable Chris Ogbodo, described the event as epoc making, and urged the newly ordained to be faithful.  Speaking on behalf of other Deacons, Reverend Echezonachukwu Chizualum expressed joy and promised that they will spread the Gospel of Christ to the best of their ability.   Administration of oaths by the Deacons, special renditions by the choir, soul lifting hymns, praises and thanksgiving featured at the service. 
Kevin Okpalaeze Of Nnokwa Idemili South Council Area Celebrates 70th Birthday With Thanksgiving
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-05 06:50:43CategoriesState It was a moment of celebration and thanksgiving to God Almighty as Okpalaeze family of Ubili Nnokwa in Idemmili South Council Area, in company of relatives, friends and well-wishers gathered at St Mary's Catholic Church Nnokwa to thank God for the life of the eldest of the family, Chief Kevin Okpalaeze, who turned seventy on the 1st of July, 2021.   Chief Kevin Okpalaeze is the elder brother of the Director of News and Current Affairs Department of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Mr Gab Okpalaeze.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that  the celebrant, Chief Okpalaeze who expressed gratitude to God for gift of life and sound health, promised to invest his remaining life here on earth in service to God and humanity.   He however advised young people to learn to live uprightly so as to enjoy longevity. On his part, the Director of News and Current Affairs Department of the ABS, Mr Gab Okpalaeze thanked God for keeping his brother till date and prayed for more life to him, describing him as a role model who perfectly plays his roles in Okpalaeze family as the eldest since the demise of their parents years back.  In an interview, the Prime Minister of Nnokwa community, Chief Richard Okeru explained that Chief Kevin Okpalaeze has been supportive to the development and progress of Nnokwa community, and prayed God to add more years to his age.     Earlier in a homely, the Vicar of St. Mary's Catholic Church Nnokwa, Reverend Father Johnpaul Okeke called on Christians to be more committed to the service of God both in good and in bad times.   The thanksgiving service featured special prayers and birthday party for the celebrant which later took place at Okpalaeze's compound. 
Aguata Diocesan Women's Conference Call For Proactive Measures To Tackle Challenge Of Insecurity In Nigeria
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-04 08:10:04CategoriesState The women of Aguata Diocese of the Anglican Communion have decried the high rate of insecurity in Nigeria. The President, Women's Ministry and Wife of Bishop of the Dioceses, Mrs Chinyere Ezeofor, while presenting her address to delegates who attended the sixteenth Aguata Diocesan Women's Conference held at Saint Peters Church, Ezinifite, Aguata Local Government Area, called on government at different levels to be more proactive in securing the lives and property of the citizenry Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that Mrs Ezeofor regretted that the high rate of insecurity in Nigeria is threatening the coexistence and socio-economic development of the country and called on the Federal government to create more employment opportunities for the teeming youths, to divert their minds from crime and restiveness.  The Bishop's wife also commended Governor Willie Obiano for  advancement of works at the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri, describing the April thirtieth landing of test-run flights at the site as a major progress. She equally commended the Governor's Wife Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano for using the Caring Family Enhancement Initiative to improve the living standards of women especially the widows. On the theme of the conference: Divine Principles of Transformation One: Discipleship, Mrs Ezeofor said that the word of God, if accepted wholely, brings radical change in the life of anyone, insisting that there was need for everyone to submit to God's method of transformation, by living like Christ in character and selfless devotion. Declaring the conference open, the Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor charged women to brace for challenges of bringing up Christ - like children, which he said is the first step of restoring sanity in the society.  Some mothers who attended the conference including the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Secondary School Monitoring, Dame Chinyere Mbakwe and the President of Ezinifite Anglican Women Association, Mrs Constance Umeh, said that discipleship also mandates mothers be dutiful managers of their homes. Over thirty-two Bishop's wives, including the wife of the Archbishop of Niger Province and Bishop of Awka, Diocese Mrs Chioma Ibezim, as well as the Chancellor of Aguata Diocese, Justice Peter Obiora, traditional Ruler of Ezinifite, Igwe Bob Orji, that of Nnewi, Igwe Ken Orizu among others, were also present at the conference. Diocesan Women's Conference is an annual summit of all Anglican mothers to discuss issues bordering on faith and society, activities of the women's ministry and the church during the previous year and plans for the present year. 
Commentary: 2021 Mothers` Summit- A Call Against Gender Violence
AuthorEmeka OzumbaDate2021-07-04 08:02:20CategoriesColumnist Wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder of the NGO, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFÉ), Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano (Osodieme), and crème de la crème of Anambra women from all walks of life, converged on Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka, for the 2021 Mothers’ Summit. Also present were five First Ladies as Guests of Honour.
These were Mrs. Kafayat Oyetola, Dr. Mrs. Gloria Diri, Mrs. Anna Darius Ishaku, Engr. Mrs. Olufunke Makinde, and Mrs. Monica Ugwuanyi of Osun, Bayelsa, Taraba, Oyo and Enugu states respectively.
The theme of the 2021 Mothers' Summit: Fighting Gender Violence in COVID-19 World, was chosen to generate discussions and to seek ways to end the social scourge.
Mothers Summit is an annual platform for deliberation on issues of common interest to Anambra women in the evolving demands of modernity. It seeks to arouse their interest in community development and to set agenda for the yearly August Meetings in the various communities across the state.
Addressing the Summit, Mrs. Obiano called for emphasis on grassroots sensitization and awareness-creation on issues of Gender-Based violence. This, she emphasized, would ensure that mothers were adequately informed; urging them to pay attention to behaviour of their children and also the men to ensure they are engaged in meaningful ventures. She insisted that it is everyone's duty to ensure that the society is rid of the ugly trend of violence.
Continuing, Mrs. Obiano stated that her NGO, CAFE, is at the forefront of the campaign against any form of violence against women as well as girl-child or boys. She explained that the organization’s skills training and empowerment programme, which has over 5,500 indigent women and youth beneficiaries to help boost their economic self-reliance, is aimed at reducing poverty and vulnerability to all forms of abuses.
In the same vein, the visiting First Ladies, in their respective goodwill messages, confirmed that the Nigerian Governors' Wives Forum, their umbrella association, is at the vanguard of the fight against Gender-Based violence with the push for domestication of the Child Rights Act by the thirty-six states of Nigeria.
The Minister of Women Affairs, Mrs. Pauline Talen, represented by the Director, Gender Affairs, Mrs. Friya Bulus, said that rising cases of gender violence are due to economic deprivation and lack of social security for many.
Welcoming the participants, Anambra State Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, said that the fight against gender-based violence requires an approach that is both liberating and self-sustaining, stressing that socio-economic emancipation remains the shortest route to ending the ugly trend.
According to the International Growth Centre (IGC), a global network of world-leading researchers and in-country teams in Africa, thirty percent of women and girls in Nigeria, aged between fifteen and forty-nine, are experiencing one form of abuse or the other.
The Keynote Speaker at the Summit, Prof Chike Okoye of the Department of English and Linguistic Studies, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, noted that economic stress, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the restrictions were veritable triggers for all forms of violence and abuse. He recommended economic empowerment and sexual education of target groups.
Also, Commissioner for Basic Education, Prof Kate Omenugha, who spoke in Igbo to the appreciation of the mix-audience, called for concerted effort by mothers in ensuring that there is stability at the home front.
On his part, the All Progressives Grand Alliance gubernatorial candidate, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, called for action on the issue of Gender-Based violence through effective legislation and implementation. He commended Osodieme for programmes of her NGO, which, he noted, reflects the true meaning of the APGA philosophy of "Be your brothers and sisters keeper."
The 2021 Mothers' Summit was unique, not only because it would be the last hosted by Mrs. Obiano, as First Lady of Anambra State, but because it dealt with a contemporary issue. The Summit was indeed a clarion call to action against gender-based violence.
FG Returns Impounded Vessel To Swiss Govt
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-04 07:59:35CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government yesterday returned a Swiss vessel, MT San Padre Pio, which was impounded within the Nigerian waterways in 2018 to the Swiss government. The Commander of the Nigerian Navy Ship, NNS Pathfinder, Commodore Abdullahi Ahmed, a representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Samuel Ojo, and the Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Abubakar Malami, handed over the vessel to the Swiss government on behalf of the Nigerian government. Justice Malami, who spoke at the event, said the return of the event will strengthen the ties between Nigeria and Switzerland. According to him, the ship was captured in the Nigerian waterways when it was found without relevant permits and the process started in January 2018 when MT San Padre Pio was arrested. He stated that while the Minister of Justice was deliberating on how to release the vessel unconditional due to the diplomatic relationship between Nigeria and Switzerland, the Swiss government went to the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea in Germany on the matter of which the Tribunal ordered Switzerland to enter a bail bond of fourteen million in favour of Nigeria for the crew members to be released in line with Nigerian laws. The deputy Director of International and Comparative Law, Federal Ministry of Justice, francis Ojo, represented the Attorney General of the Federation at the event. 
NDLEA Decries High Incidence Of Drug Abuse By Women
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-04 07:57:20CategoriesState The state Commander, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, Mr. Mohammed Idris has decried the high incidence of drug abuse by the female gender, calling for serious intervention from all stakeholders to fight the scourge. Mr. Idris made the observation during a courtesy call on Anambra State Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha. He expressed fear that if the situation is not addressed, it may result in the breakdown of the family structure. Mr. Idris called on the ministry to collaborate with the agency in educating the students at both primary and secondary schools of the inherent dangers associated with drug abuse. Speaking, Professor Omenugha assured the present administration’s readiness to collaborate with the commander in the fight against drug abuse as the state is committed to seeing an end to this social menace. She disclosed that Anambra students were taught right from primary level to recite the state’s shared values, a singular act that helps to condition their minds on becoming solution providers rather than being a part of the problem to be solved. Later in a vote of thanks, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Basic Education, Mrs. Nwando Obiano said that the ministry is always open to liaise with the command in the fight against drug abuse. 
APGA Ogbaru Council Area Affirms  Support For Oye - Led NWC
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-04 07:55:36CategoriesPolitics State The leadership of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Ogbaru Local Government Area chapter, has affirmed their unalloyed support for Chief Victor Oye led National Working Committee of the party. They made this known at a meeting of its local government working committee, the sixteen wards executives and all the existing APGA/Soludo Support Groups. In a vote of confidence passed in Chief Oye, the party reaffirmed that there is no faction in APGA, and that Chief Oye is the only National Chairman of the party.  They also applauded the emergence of Professor Chukwuma Soludo, as the flag-bearer of the party for Anambra State governorship election, stating that Soludo's emergence is in line with the wishes of Ndi-Anambra, even as they also welcomed the selection of Professor Soludo's running mate, Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim. In their various remarks, the Ogbaru Local Government Area Chairman of the party, Honourable Nnamdi Ifejika, the Special Adviser to the Governor on Farm Implements and Mechanization, Sir Paul Nwosu, as well as the Transition Committee Chairman of Ogbaru, Honourable Arinzechukwu Awogu, maintained that the party was ready for the November sixth governorship election and rolled out strategy for massive mobilization of voters for the ongoing Continuous Voter's Registration exercise following the creation of ninety new Polling Units in the council area. The meeting equally emerged and integrated all existing APGA and Soludo Support Groups into the party structure to ensure effective collaboration in preparation for the election. They extolled the exceptional performance of Governor Willie Obiano led administration and the governor’s commitment to entrusting Anambra State in the hands of a worthy manager of men and material, to ensure that his legacies will not only be sustained but improved upon. 
2021 World Sports Journalist Day: SWAN Tasks Practitioners On Professionalism, Ethical Values 
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-04 07:53:14CategoriesNigeria Sport In commemoration of the World Sports Journalist Day twenty, twenty-one, Sports Writers Association of Nigeria, SWAN, FCT Chapter has sued for improved ethical values among professionals and enhanced take home packages at work places. The chairman of SWAN at Abuja, Comrade Ndubueze Chidoka, in press statement signed by the secretary, Ikenna Okonkwo,  observed that poor welfare for sports media practitioners has led to desperation among professionals, who struggle to survive. He said a situation where some Journalists see sports as freebies must be discouraged. Comrade Chidoka, urged SWAN members particularly in the FCT to seek to diversify instead of being over-dependent so as not to present themselves as tools in the hands of anyone when they do their jobs. World Sports Journalist Day is set aside to celebrate the foundation of International Sports Press Association, AIPS, which aims at acknowledging and encouraging sports journalists to do their work better. It also marks the anniversary of AIPS, established in nineteen, twenty-four with its headquarters in Switzerland. In nineteen ninety four, AIPS introduced World Sports Journalists Day to celebrate the anniversary of its establishment. 
Anambra Governorship Election: NUJ Urges Members To Uphold Professionalism 
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-04 07:48:52CategoriesState The Nigeria Union of Journalists, NUJ, Anambra State Council as enjoined journalists in the state to continue to uphold the highest standards of professionalism, for which they are known for especially at this critical time that the state is approaching governorship election. This was contained in acommuniqué issued at the end of this month’s congress of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) Anambra state council held at the Godwin Ezeemo International Press Center, Awka. The congress, presided over by the state chairman, Sir Emmanuel Ifesinachi, deliberated on several issues affecting the union and the state. The Congress commended journalists in the state for effective coverage of political and other activities in the state and warned that it would not hesitate to sanction journalists found wanton in the performance of their sacred responsibility. It regretted the menace of fake journalists in the state and the bad image which these impersonators brought to the profession and called for public support especially law enforcement agencies, to enable the council deal decisively with this matter and advised political parties and other newsmakers to carry the NUJ along, in all their publicity related activities, to avoid falling victim to the antics of the charlatans. It commended Anambra State Police Command for improved security situation in the State but condemned the unprofessional conduct of some police officers, especially in Awka, who often delay, molest and extort motorists and other citizens on the road and urged the commissioner of police to check such ugly incidents which could erode the confidence and support of the public for the body. The congress also commended political parties for the smooth and peaceful conduct of primaries for electing their governorship flag bearers and enjoined them to continue in that trajectory in order to guarantee a peaceful and successful governorship poll in the state. 
Anambra State Govt Restates Commitment In Fight Against Illegal Revenue Collection
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-04 07:46:15CategoriesState The Chairman, Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, Dr. David Nzekwu has restated the commitment of the agency towards prosecuting state government's impersonators in tax enforcement across the state.   Dr. Nzekwu stated this while speaking with the press recently in Awka on the activities of illegal revenue collectors in the state.   The state Internal Revenue Service Boss who frowned at illegal activities of some miscreants who pose as government officials in some strategic places in the state to defraud innocent citizens of their hard earned money, warned that anyone caught in the act henceforth, will not go unpunished.   He disclosed that the agency's enforcement team will now be moving round the state to arrest persons indulging in such criminal act, saying that the obligation of the state Internal Revenue Service is to enforce Anambra state taxation laws.   Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that Dr. Nzekwu reminded Ndi Anambra that it is only authorized officials of Internal Revenue Service that are allowed to enforce taxation in the state.   He stated that any payment should be made directly to the state's purse, saying that people can verify the authenticity of their letter of authorization by scanning it with QR scanner. 
How Prof. Soludo Discovered Dr Ibezim, His Running Mate In The Nov 6 Anambra Gubernatorial Election
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-03 07:03:19CategoriesState Written By Ody Chukwube Professor Chukwuma Charles Soludo, the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), candidate in the November 6 gubernatorial vote in Anambra State, has right from primary school been noted for uncanny brilliance, but hardly did any person expect him to choose Dr Onyeka Ibezim, a medical doctor with expertise in public health, as his running mate when he announced the selection on June 30. Dr Ibezim was not among those speculated both in the mainstream and social media. Still, when he was announced to be the deputy governorship candidate, the whole of Anambra State went agog.   “For those of us from Eastern Nigeria,” says Valentine Ntomchukwu, a lawyer, political scientist and the first Anambra indigene to serve as Deputy Inspector General of Police, “it is reminiscent of how Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe, Nigeria’s first president, chose little known Dr Michael Okpara, the Minister of Agriculture and Production, to succeed him as the Eastern Nigerian premier in 1959 over and above such prominent persons as Dr K. O. Mbadiwe”.   The retired DIG notes that Dr Okpara went on to do a splendid job, thus confirming Zik’s uncommon foresight. Okpara’s emergence as Eastern Nigerian premier is now considered one of Zik’s remarkable legacies because under the former’s leadership, Eastern Nigeria became one of the world’s fastest growing economies up to 1966 when a military coup ended Nigeria’s First Republic. The region excelled in manufacturing, tourism, education, agriculture and mining, among other sectors.   Ntomchukwu also states that Professor Soludo’s choice of Dr Ibezim, a medical doctor like Dr Okpara, is reminiscent of Dr Alex Ekwueme’s emergence as President Shehu Shagari’s running mate in 1978. “Everyone was expecting Alhaji Shehu to announce such a well-known name as Dr JOJ Okezie or Dr Mbadiwe as the vice presidential candidate, but he opted for little known but exceedingly brilliant Dr Alex Ekwueme, Nigeria’s most successful architect”, recalls the foremost security and intelligence consultant based in Abuja. “Dr Ekwueme was to emerge one of the greatest true statesmen Nigeria has ever had”.   It says a lot about the quality of Soludo’s running mate that he holds as many as three portfolios in the Governor Willie Obiano administration, yet his pictures are not everywhere in the media. Dr Ibezim is the Special Adviser to the Governor on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice, working with traditional doctors as well as with medical and pharmaceutical researchers to develop and modernize traditional health practices. He is also the Executive Director of the Anambra State Action Committee on HIV/AIDS which has worked assiduously to contain the prevalence of these twin sexually transmitted diseases. Dr Ibezim is, in addition, the Managing Director of the Anambra State Oxygen Production Plant in Awka, a facility conceived by Governor Obiano but which he implemented. The plant produces 200 cylinders of oxygen daily, and they are distributed free to not only state government health facilities like primary health cenres but also the Federal Government-owned Nnamdi Azikiwe Teaching Hospital in Nnewi. A COVID-19 patient consumes between six and 10 cylinders daily. The oxygen is also used in the treatment of Lassa fever which occurs in some parts of the state intermittently.   The establishment of this plant in August, 2019, remains one of the most significant attainments of the Obiano administration, even though it is not well celebrated. Established a year before the COVID-19 pandemic, the plant stands as a testimony to the vision and commitment of the state government. While many states in Nigeria, as around the world, were struggling with oxygen availability in the worst days of the pandemic which led to several deaths, Anambra was spared this tragedy. Not to be forgotten is that Dr Ibezim is a member of the Anambra State COVID-19 Case Management Team which has done an impressive job of mitigating the pandemic in the state. Yet, such a person with an impressive record is no household name even though his elder brother and look-alike, The Most Reverend Dr Alexander Ibezim, is the Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese and also the leader of the whole Anglican Church in Anambra State because he is the Archbishop of the Province of the Niger. “The younger Ibezim is a silent and smooth operator”, says The Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa, Managing Director of the Awka Capital Territory Authority.   So, how did Soludo discover Dr Ibezim? “It all boils down to Professor Soludo’s outstanding brilliance”, according to Oliver Ikueze, a retired school principal who in the late 1970s and early 80s taught the teenager that would become the Central Bank of Nigeria governor in 2003. Ikueze taught Soludo at Uga Boys High School in Aguata Local Government Area in Anambra State. “Charles”, recalls the septuagenarian, “is arguably the most brilliant student I ever taught anywhere in the decades I served as an English and Literature tutor after graduating from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka. I have followed his progress with great interest. I am by no means surprised that he became a globally respected economics professor, nor was I surprised when he unleashed a revolution which brought the Central Bank of Nigeria into global reckoning. He sees ahead of most people and is exceedingly thorough”.   Sources close to the erstwhile CBN governor disclose that rather than capitulate to various vested interests within Anambra State and beyond who wanted one candidate or another as his running mate, Soludo beamed his searchlight quietly on each recommended person. He asked a lot of people in the party and in government and various communities to give information on each person without disclosing the purpose. It was a rather an informal exercise, so those giving the information were frank in doing so.   In the words of Frank Ndu Ndibe, a Lagos-based legal consultant and an indigene of Amawbia, Anambra State, “Very few persons can be successful deputy governors or vice presidents. That’s why many governors quarrel with their deputies and presidents don’t trust their deputies, as in the case of former President Olusegun Obasanjo and ex-Vice President Atiku Abubakar or General Sani Abacha and General Oladipo Diya.   “Personal integrity, record of achievements, intelligence, buying into the governor’s or president’s vision, being a team player and being humble matter”.   This writer understands that the APGA standard bearer interviewed the candidates and asked extensive questions, the way American presidents scrutinize those they want to appoint into their administration.   “He submitted three names to the party’s leadership which approved the list, and he subsequently announced Dr Onyeka Ibezim from Mbaukwu in Awka South Local Government Area his running mate”, reports a party executive who doesn’t want his name in the media because he has no mandate to speak to the press on this issue.   Various sources within APGA and the Obiano administration have confirmed the above account of how Professor Soludo selected Dr Ibezim, a knight of St Christopher in the Anglican Communion, to be his deputy.   “The magic of this painstaking process”, argues Chief Handel Okoli, a founding member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who served as President Obasanjo’s Senior Special Assistant, “is not only in Soludo’s thoroughness but also, and more importantly, in the lesson for other candidates in the November 6 governorship election in Anambra State.   “In fact, every gubernatorial or presidential candidate in Nigeria should henceforth follow the example which Professor Soludo, a well-acknowledged pacesetter, has set for us all”.   Chief Ody Chukwube is former Chief Press Secretary to an ex-Anambra State governor. 
Commentary: Anambra Achievers Legacy Award
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-03 06:56:48CategoriesColumnist Anambra Achievers Legacy Award (Akululu Ulo Amaka-2021) is organized as part of the activities to commemorate the New Anambra State at 30. It is celebrating thirty exceptional achievers who have invested heavily in the state by building roads, awarding of scholarships, rural electrification, building of factories and industries, which provided job opportunities to our youths and increased the revenue profile of the state.
Old Anambra State was created in 1976 from the defunct East Central State, and its capital was Enugu. On August 27, 1991, it was further divided into two, the New Anambra and Enugu States. This year, Anambra shall clock thirty.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award is a quadrennial event and private sector initiative that seeks to immortalize the indelible achievements of indigenous Ndi Anambra and honour prestigious individuals; the ‘first eleven' in their various fields. They are individuals who have greatly impacted on the lives of the people through their programs and projects with preponderance of evidence on ground to show for it.
They are individuals and professionals who have distinguished themselves in their chosen careers and sacrificed it for the general development of Anambra State in particular and humanity in general.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award, also called ANALEG Award, is a home-driven and delivery investment organization, in collaboration with Nigeria-Overseas Communications, empowered in line with the "Igbo Think Home Philosophy of Ndigbo Nalue Uno and Build a Home", to promote good societal values and right ideals that characterize our people - the Igbo race.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award was conceptualized to honour Ndi Anambra of proven integrity, hard work, dedication, industry, people who have set up industries and business empires. For the sustainability of Akululu Uno Amaka Philosophy, Anambra Achievers Legacy has urged the South-East governors to key into the "Igbo Think home Philosophy Initiative", which encourages Ndi Igbo to bring back their investments to the region.
Anambra Achievers Legacy ensures that government/communities provide necessary incentives such as land at highly subsidized rate or customary grant for the building of factories, public and private establishments within a time frame. This would encourage massive investments that would aggressively transform the region to economic and power house of the nation.
As the issue of security is very vital to economic development and its sustainability, Anambra Achievers Legacy will not relent in its efforts in ensuring that policies and strategies that would enhance security are put in place so that lives and properties of the people are guaranteed for continued economic development and sustainability.
The event will be chaired by Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former Governor of Anambra State Special guests of honour are the governors of Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo, Abia, Rivers and Delta State, with all distinguished Senators, members of House of Representatives, Speaker and members of Anambra State House of Assembly, and their predecessors in office.
The Patrons/Fathers (National Advisory Council Members) of the Anambra Achievers Legacy are: Chief Mbazuruike Amechi, (Dara Akunwafor; the Boy Is Good); Honourble Justice Anthony Iguh (CON) Former Justice of the Supreme Court; Hon. Justice G.U. Ononiba (OON) former Chief Judge of Anambra State; Chief Simon Okeke (former Chairman, Police Service Commission), among others.
Finally, Anambra Achievers Legacy cannot forget our past heroes to honour them for their contributions to the development of Anambra state in particular, and Igbos in general.
ALWAYS JOIN ANAMBRA ACHIEVERS LEGACY (AKULULU UNO AMAKA 2021) TO CELEBRATE "eminent Ndi Anambra," individuals of noble cause - who are exceptionally reliable and dependable, that have distinguished themselves in their chosen disciplines and fields of endeavour. The critical thinkers on nation building! The pride of the state and the Igbo nation!! Ndi Anambra "1st Eleven" among equals in developmental strides!  Sponsors needed.
WRITTEN BY EMMA IFEADIKE 
Anambra, Three Others To Represent Nigeria At International Chemistry Olympiad In Japan
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-03 06:54:15CategoriesState Anambra State has emerged as one of the four states to represent Nigeria at the forthcoming International Chemistry Olympiad in Japan later in the year. This was announced when Marist Comprehensive Secondary School, Nteje paid a courtesy call to the Commissioner of Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha at the Jerome Udoji state Secretariat Complex Awka. Addressing the four-man delegate from the school, Professor Omenugha congratulated the school for emerging as one of the top representatives for the virtual Chemistry Competition this year. While attributing their feat to Governor Willie Obiano’s dexterity in ensuring that every Anambra child had access to quality education, Professor Omenugha urged the state representative, Master Valentine Umeanyika not to hold back and give his all to emerge victorious at the competition. She also pledged the support of the state through provision of educational resources that would help him to be the best in his field of interest. Earlier, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Mrs. Nwando Obiano while extolling the school on a job well-done, enjoined them not to relent in their efforts at raising future leaders as the best is yet to come. Meanwhile, the State representative, Master Umeanyikwa from Marist Comprehensive Secondary School Nteje said that he was able to emerge as the best at the national level because of his resolve not to give up in spite of some challenges. 
NDLEA Releases Final List Of Successful Candidates For Recruitment
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-03 06:48:30CategoriesNigeria The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, has released the final list of successful candidates for the 2019 recruitment exercise for Narcotic Officer Cadre and the first of three batches for the Narcotic Assistant Cadre. According to a release signed by the Director Media and Advocacy NDLEA Headquarters Abuja, Mr. Femi Babafemi, all successful candidates are to report for training at the NDLEA Academy, Kotton Rikus, Jos in Plateau State on Saturday, seventeenth July twenty, twenty-one. The statement said the final list of successful candidates for both cadres have been published on the Agency's website: www.ndlea.gov.ng It instructed the successful candidates to report at NDLEA Academy, Kotton Rikus, Jos with the original and photocopies of their credentials and NDLEA online application reference slip, four copies of five by seven coloured photograph without cap or hat. The statement also advised the candidates to report with writing materials as well as three pairs of white unmarked round neck vests and navy blue shorts without stripes among other requirements. It also cautioned that all successful candidates must at all times observe COVID-19 protocols warning that those, who do not report by six pm on the said date, would be disqualified. 
Anambra Govt Extends Distribution Of Farm Input To Farmers In Anaocha Council Area
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-03 06:46:15CategoriesState Farmers in Anaocha Local Government Area of Anambra State have received high breed farm input as free distribution exercise to registered farmers by the State Government, through the Ministry of Agriculture continues.   The distribution of high yield TME 4-19 cassava stems, high breed tomatoes, okro and maize seedlings, which has been done in most Local Governor Areas in the State, commenced after Governor Willie Obiano flagged off the 2021 wet season farming in the State.  Addressing farmers in the area, the Team Leader for Anaocha Local Government Area, and Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Export, Dr. Okey Okwuosa, noted that the initiative, aimed at assisting farmers in the State to achieve bountiful harvest, is also part of Government’s efforts at ensuring food security in the State and sustaining exports.   Head of Agric Department in the Local Government, Mrs Chika Anyadiegwu and Agric Extension Supervisor in the area, Mrs Chizoba Okeke, who commended Governor Obiano for his achievements in agriculture, assured of the readiness of farmers in the area to put the items to good used to enable Government achieve set objectives in the sector.  Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that the distribution exercise, which took place at Anaocha Local Government Headquarters Neni, attracted farmers in the ten communities in the area, including Nze Edwin Obiagba, Mr. Kenneth Onyendu and Mrs Nonye Ezeani, who thanked the State Government for the supports to members, but appealed for timely distribution of the input in the area to achieve desired goals. 
FG Explains Bans  On UAE Flights
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-03 06:43:26CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government says, contrary to insinuation that the United Arab Emirates, UAE, placed a ban on flights from Nigeria, it actually placed a ban on the UAE first, due to the terms and conditions laid down by the Emirates. The United Arab Emirates, had on June nineteenth lifted ban on travels between Dubai and Nigeria after a protracted disagreement between the two countries on Covid-19 protocols. According to the report, United Arab Emirates had insisted on travelers from Nigeria undergoing several other COVID-19 tests after the initial test in Nigeria. In an interview with Journalists, the Secretary of the Presidential Steering Committee on COVID-19, Dr Mukhtar Muhammed, said the Federal Government had placed a ban on the Emirates before an announcement came from the United Arab Emirates. 
Awka  Diocesan Women's Conference Tasks  FG  On Insecurity
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-03 06:40:33CategoriesState The President, Mothers' Union, Women's Guild and Girls' Guild, Province Of The Niger, Mrs Chioma Ibezim has called on President Mohammadu Buhari to prioritize security and restore the hopes of the mothers and children in Nigeria.
Mrs Ibezim stated this while delivering her presidential address during the 2021 Awka Diocesan Women's Conference at Aguluzigbo, Anaocha Council Area.

Mrs  Ibezim who is also the President of mothers Ministry in Awka Diocese said that security of life should be the priority of any political leadership and lamented the increasing loss of  lives  across  the country .
She reminded the leaders that without adequate national security of lives and property in Nigeria,no meaningful development can take place as business thrives in a secure environment.
The President of the conference, further congratulated  Governor Willie Obiano and wife,Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano for their achievements in security as well as promotion of workers welfare .
Mrs Ibezim went down memory lane on what the women ministry has  achieved over the year and urged women to promote moral values  and maintain peaceful homes while trusting in God .

While commending Mrs Ibezim for l address,  the wife of the Archbishop,Enugu East Province, Mrs Joyce Chukwuma said Awka women ministry through the instrumentality of Mrs Ibezim has continued to move forward and encouraged the women to rise up in tackling the challenges facing them and make their homes good christian families .
The 2021 Diocesan Women Conference Chairman, Professor Christie Okoye  while adopting the presidential address as a working document in the Diocese,said the work is imperative as it highlights what is happening   in the society and how best to solve them noting that it is a reference document for anyone who is of age.
The clergy wives together with the delegates from their Archdeaconry took turn  to appreciate the President, Mothers'  Ministry, Mrs Ibezim.
 Prayers were offered by the women and special Thanksgiving and launching of the presidential address featured at the event.
Commentary: Sustaining Governor Obiano`s Legacy
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-02 07:13:29CategoriesColumnist Any sincere and rational apolitical thinker can affirm that Anambra state has trogged and limped forward many times ahead of its contemporaries. Since he came to board, Governor Willie Obiano, Knight Commander of the Pontifical Order of Saint Gregory the Great, has demonstrated that he is a proactive, visionary and foresighted leader. And foresight is like a pregnancy; only time reveals it. However, a leader without foresight is blind in one eye.
The founding fathers such as the great Zik, Awolowo and Ahmadu Bello all demonstrated remarkable foresight which can be seen in the legacies they left behind. The landscape of the old Eastern Region bears the indelible marks of Dr Michael Iheonukara Okpara. These men were farsighted leaders who could see beyond their noses.
In Anambra, even a blind man can see that the state has been so transformed in the seven years in which Governor Willie Obiano has piloted the affairs of the state. Akpokuedike has positively touched all sectors. Obiano has written a fascinating piece of history for himself and Ndi Anambra.
Seven years of sustained investment in security has created a social capital which will take a while to expend. It took hard work to bring the state to a point where the country’s security establishment unanimously declared Anambra the safest state in Nigeria, hence, the invasion of both local and foreign investors.
The World Bank, in 2019, rated Anambra among the Top-5 Most Improved States in ease of doing business in Nigeria. Remarkably, this was once a state where no serious entrepreneur would risk a visit, only a few years earlier as a result of brigandage, crime, mayhem and despondency.
Again, the National Bureau of Statistics reported that in 2020, Anambra attracted foreign investments worth 10.2 million dollars, even in the midst of COVID-19. The same Bureau equally reported that in 2010, the level of poverty in Anambra State stood at 53% on the national average. Interestingly, ten years later, under Obiano, Anambra rates 14.8% on national average.
Meanwhile, the crowning glory of the Obiano years is the Anambra International Airport, Umueri, Awka City Stadium, three flyovers in Awka capital territory and the International Conference Center in Awka. These are audacious legacy projects that have given Anambra a sturdy foot into the future.
On Agriculture, Anambra state has advanced remarkably towards food sufficiency. Today, rice production in Anambra state increased from 80,000 metric tons in 2014 to 345,000 metric tons in 2020. A projection of 525,000 metric tons yield has been made for 2021. Popular indigenous brands of Anambra rice are competing strongly in the markets.
To create employment Governor Obiano recently embarked on the building of three fish villages in the three Senatorial zones of the state. In the villages, youths are trained in the entire value chain while active production and processing of fish continues for local consumption and for export.
Akpokuedike equally believes in stomach infrastructure. Suffice it to say that increase in and prompt payment of workers’ salaries and pensions is a tradition since Obiano came on board, especially, bearing in mind that many states owe months of salary arrears. Time was when workers were owed over ten months’ salary arrears in Anambra; when schools were shut for almost one year.
There is massive construction of new legacy projects such as roads, bridges, and provision of road infrastructure such as traffic lights in different parts of the state. Night life has returned to Anambra, thanks to the glimmering street lights in all communities, making it a one-community-state.
Obiano also introduced a health insurance scheme, ASHIA. The scheme provides healthcare to people, almost free, including laboratory, drugs and surgery. He equally constructed the biggest oxygen plant in the south east at COOU Teaching Hospital, Amaku Awka as well as equipped the hospital with modern health facilities and personnel.
For the first time in Nigeria, a government started a people-oriented program, “Community Choose Your Project Initiative". Under this arrangement, each of the 181 communities in the state is given twenty million naira in phases to execute any project of its choice.
Golfers can attest that what makes a great golf course is continuity and variety; right-to-left holes, left-to-right holes. A great Economist, Lewis, once said that mere change is not growth. Growth is the synthesis of change and continuity, but where there is no continuity, there is no growth.
We congratulate APGA for its wise choice of nominating a socioeconomic expert, Prof Chukwuma Soludo, as its flag bearer in the forthcoming governorship election. Ndi Anambra, let us make further progress.
WRITTEN BY DR. NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Anambra State Govt  Distributes Farm Input To Farmers In Nnewi North, South, Oyi Council Areas
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-07-02 07:08:32CategoriesState The distribution of farm inputs to farmers across various Local Government Areas in the State has continued, with Nnewi North and South, including Oyi Local Government Areas getting theirs.   The distribution monitoring team, which arrived Nnewi North and was received by waiting farmers, first paid courtesy call on the Transition Committee Chairman of Nnewi North Local Government Area, Prince Chukwudi Orizu.   Welcoming the team, Prince Orizu, explained that though the area is dotted with industries, farming is still a major occupation of the people, thanking the State Government for making agriculture one of its pillars of development and sustaining the annual distribution of inputs to farmers.  Representatives of the Transition Committee Chairmen of Nnewi South, Mr. Ikechukwu Umeaniba and that of Oyi, Mr. Christopher Ekwealor, as well as the Head of Local Government Administration, Nnewi South, Mrs Amaka Nkemdilim,  commended the State Government’s effort at ensuring food security, noting that the improved cassava stems, corn seedlings and organic fertilizers given to the farmers will help them plant twice a year, with bountiful harvest.   The Special Assistant to the Governor on Agriculture, Mr. Mike Afa said his team will also monitor development of the cassava stems and seedlings in the farms after planting, while Mr. Leonard Ukatu of the All Farmers Association, Anambra State chapter, expressed joy over the support the State Government is giving to farmers, describing it as necessary in achieving desired results.   Some farmers in the areas, who came to collect the inputs, including the President General of Ezinifite, Mr. Geophrey Onuchukwu, Mrs Benedict Uchenna and Mr. Vincent Ogbonna, applauded the State Government for the  gestures. 
APGA Gubernatorial Candidate Soludo Calls For Laws To Eliminate Violence Against Girl Child
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-02 07:05:49CategoriesState The candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in the forthcoming Anambra gubernatorial election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, has called on Ndi Anambra to rise to all forms of violence against Girl child in the society.   Professor Soludo made the statement while speaking at Dr Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka, during the 2021 Mothers’ Summit organized by the wife of the Governor of Anambra State, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano.   While assuring on the continuity of good governance, Professor Soludo maintained that the summit will remain a legacy of the Governor’s wife.   Professor Soludo, who was accompanied to the summit by his wife, Dr Nonye, called for laws against all forms of violence against all persons, insisting that violence against men and women deserves the full weight of the law against perpetrators.   Some Governors' wives at the summit included the wife of the Governor of Enugu State and Chairperson of the Southern Governors Wives Forum, Mrs Ugochi Ugwuanyi, wife of the Governor of Osun State, Mrs Kabayat Oyetola, their Bayelsa State counterpart, Dr Annah Diri, as well as the wife of the Governor of Taraba State, Mrs Annah Ishaku.   Correspondent, Blessing Dennis, reports that performances by the Anambra State cultural group, match past by the women, sharing of grinding machines, as well as other donations climaxed the event. 
Obiano Optimistic Of APGA Victory In Anambra Governorship Election
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-07-02 07:01:29CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has expressed optimism that the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, candidate for the November sixth, Anambra State gubernatorial election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, will win up to ninety percent  of votes in the election because of the, immense popularity of his nomination among Nigerians who want the best for the Country, starting with Anambra State. Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C. Don Adinuba who disclosed this during a media briefing in Awka quotes Governor Obiano as saying that even opposition parties in the State, and their leaders across the nation, are among the Nigerians who have been congratulating the people of Anambra State on Professor Soludo’s emergence as the APGA gubernatorial candidate. According to Governor Obiano the popularity of the choice of Professor Soludo, is comparable to such developments as the landing of three aircraft on Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport on April thirtieth, 2021, fifteen months after work began on the international airport built without borrowing from any bank and without owing the contactors. Governor Obiano said that congratulatory messages, have been coming from development partners, the organized private sector, Church leaders, Clerics, Market union leaders, professional associations, the organized labour, among others on  the nomination of Professor Soludo as APGA candidate for the November sixth Anambra State gubernatorial election. 
Soludo's Running Mate In Anambra Governorship Election Ibezim Reassures APGA Leadership Of Loyalty
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-02 06:59:35CategoriesPolitics State The running mate to Professor Chukwuma Soludo who is the APGA candidate for the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim has thanked the party for the confidence reposed in him by the nomination. Speaking to the ABS on his nomination as APGA running mate for the Governorship election in Anambra State, Dr Ibezim maintained that his loyalty to the Party leadership will never be compromised. He expressed the hope that Soludo and Ibezim ticket will no doubt cruise APGA to victory in the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra State. Dr Ibezim who currently is the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Indigenous Medicine and herbal practice and Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra State Oxygen Production plant charged APGA faithful to close ranks and work towards delivering the party in the forthcoming Governorship election. He reassured of working in synergy with Professor Chukwuma Soludo in consolidating the achievements of Governor Willie Obiano in Anambra State especially in the areas of bringing even development across the State. Dr Ibezim used the opportunity to commend the Chairman Board of Trustees of APGA Governor Willie Obiano and National Chairman of the party Dr Victor Oye, as well as the State Chairman Sir Norbert Obi for conducting a free and fair APGA primaries that produced his Principal Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the party's standard bearer. Dr Ibezim, the running mate to Professor Soludo hails from Mbaukwu in Awka South Local Government Area under the Anambra Central Senatorial District while Professor Soludo is from Isuofia in Aguata Local Government Area under Anambra South Senatorial District where APGA zoned the Governorship seat. 
FRSC To Commence Arrest Of Motorists Without Valid Drivers License In Anambra Next Week
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-02 06:57:51CategoriesState Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps says it will commence the arrest of Motorists without valid Driver's license from Fifth of this Month. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps in Anambra State Mr Adeoye Irelewuyi disclosed this during an ABS Radio audience participatory Programme Tonimas Half Hour. According to the Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps in Anambra State, it is regrettable that many Motorists have continued to ply the highway without valid Driver's license and advised such people to go and renew their licenses to avoid embarrassment. Mr Arelewuyi re-emphasized that the State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps will sustain its enlightenment campaigns to ensure that proper sanity is maintained on the highway. He said that he will partner the Media to ensure proper enlightenment of the Motoring public and advised Drivers to ensure that their vehicles are in good condition before plying the Roads. The Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps in Anambra State, who promised to consolidate the achievements recorded by his predecessor Assistant Corps Marshall Andrew Kumapayi, thanked the Anambra State Government for its support to the State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps calling for sustenance. Mr Arelewuyi and his team later called on the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting service Dr Uche Nworah to thank him for ABS support to the State Command of the Federal Road Safety Corps and called for more partnership between the establishment and Federal Road Safety Corps. 
COOUTH Inaugurates SERVICOM
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-02 06:56:06CategoriesState The Chief Medical Director, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku Awka, Dr. Josephat Akabuike says his vision is to make the hospital one of the best in Nigeria, as he Inaugurates Service Compact with all Nigerians, SERVICOM, branch of the hospital. SERVICOM was conceptualized by the former President Olusegun Obasanjo and came into effect in 2004. It was designed to provide quality services based on the needs of the citizenry of which they are entitled to, in a timely and transparently manner. According to Dr. Akabuike, inauguration of SERVICOM branch of the hospital will bring about efficient service delivery.  The Chief Medical Director, who thanked Governor Willie Obiano for his numerous assistance to the hospital, assured that they will continue to work towards making the hospital one of the best in Nigeria both in infrastructural development and service delivery. A resource person at the event, Mrs. Chinyere Onwuka, from the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital, Nnewi revealed that Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital Amaku Awka is the second to inaugurate SERVICOM and urged SERVICOM officers not to use their positions to intimidate or witch-hunt others. In a vote of thanks, the Chairman, Medical and dental consultants of Nigeria, in the hospital, Professor George Emechebe, thanked the Chief Medical Director for his visionary and dynamic leadership. 
APGA Mobilizes Members In Anambra State For INEC Continuous Voter Registration Exercise
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-02 06:44:03CategoriesPolitics State The All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA has reminded its members across Anambra State that the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC has commenced the continuous voter registration exercise. A release signed by the Secretary of APGA in Anambra State Mr Tony Ifeanya urged Local Government party Chairmen and Secretaries to convoke a meeting of Local government working committee in addition to mandating ward Chairmen and Secretaries to give the exercise adequate publicity. It also directs them to mobilize APGA numerous supporters, ward, family and friends who have attained the age of eighteen to go and register. According to the release those who lost their voters card, those whose’ card are defaced or those who want to transfer their voters card from one place to another should use the opportunity of the continuous voter registration exercise to do so. 
APGA Nominates Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim As Running Mate To Professor Chukwuma Soludo
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2021-07-01 07:19:32CategoriesPolitics State Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim, a native of Mbaukwu in Awka South local government area of Anambra state, has been nominated by the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) as running mate to the party’s candidate in the forthcoming Anambra state gubernatorial election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo. Dr. Ibezim, a medical doctor by profession, currently serves in the Willie Obiano administration as Special Adviser to the Governor on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice. He also doubles as the Managing Director of Anamba Oxygen Plant located at COOUTH, Amaku, Awka and also the Executive Director of ANSACA, Anambra State Agency for Control of HIV/AIDS. Dr. Ibezim is the younger brother to the Archbishop, Province of the Niger and Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Revd. Alexander Ibezim. 
Commentary: Celebrating Chief Ralph Eke, A Principled Leader By Example
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-01 07:14:39CategoriesColumnist Chief Ralph Umeadi Eke was born on March 5, 1948 into the family of Lawrence Nwakashi Eke and Alice Eke of Umuayom, Awka. Ralph studied at the Saint Patrick’s Primary School, Ogbete, Enugu, after which he preceded to the Christ the King College, Onitsha. After the war, in which he served, he went on to study Civil Engineering at the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria.
After graduation in 1975, during his Youth Service, he served as a Pupil Engineer with the Lagos State Development and Property Corporation, being responsible for storm water drainage for Amuwo-Odofin New Town in Lagos. Later that same year, he landed his first job, as a civil engineer with the Nigerian National Petroleum Company (NNPC).
Engineer Ralph Eke was the major site engineer for the Warri and Kaduna refineries' civil works construction. This was a huge responsibility for a young engineer like him but it was based on the recommendation of his superiors who had great trust in his professional abilities. By 1978, only three years later, he was a major partner in, and the General Manager, of TNB Construction Ltd.
Two years after that, he left to become Managing Director of his own engineering firm, Gomel Engineering Ltd. The firm was involved in major engineering projects all over the country, including the NNPC Jetty in Calabar, Abuja Central Area construction and design, Langtang Dam and Water Supply, the Awe Water Project and the Obosi Main Market.
In 1978, he married the love of his life, Cordelia Eke (nee Afadi), and they welcomed their first child. They had four children in total: Uche, Kene, Ogo and Oma. Ralph and Cordy met as children at Enugu, their parents being colleagues in the prison warden system. As destiny would have it, almost as if their lives were made to rhyme with each other's, they attended sister/brother secondary schools at the same time in Onitsha, with her schooling at Queen of the Rosary College (QRC), while he was at CKC. They reconnected as adults after being separated during their college years, and the rest is loving, beautiful history.
Ralph was a strong, principled leader by example, ever ready to shoulder whatever burden was required. He was a conscientious professional, and was highly respected by his peers. He also treasured his community and continuously sought to improve it.
Engineer Ralph Eke was the Founding President, Aka Ikenga; Secretary of Council for Regulation of Engineering in Nigeria (COREN); Council Member of ACEN as well as Council Member and Fellow of Nigerian Society of Engineers. Ralph was also a Paul Harris Fellow of the Rotary International.
He served on numerous panels, private and public, both on the state and federal levels. He was a man that others felt proud to support and rally behind. But most importantly, Ralph was a loving father and a devoted husband. He was kind. He was generous, often to a fault. Anyone who knew him knew that he loved his family, and he was determined to provide for them and give them the life he felt they deserved.
Chief Engr. Ralph Eke assumed responsibility for the training of his siblings, right from his time as a youth Corper. He was the pillar of his family, nuclear and extended, and his loss is deeply felt. Ralph was predeceased by his brothers, Michael Eke, Ossai Eke, Joseph Eke and sister, Cecilia Chukwudi.
Ralph Umeadi Eke passed away on April 24, 2021 following a protracted illness. He is survived by: his wife - Cordelia Eke; children - Uchenna Okpala, Kenechukwu Eke, Ogochukwu Eke, and Unoma Adeyemi; his siblings - Bene Nwashili, Lady Kate Eke, Emeka Eke, Dr Dorothy Afunugo, Ifeoma Little, and Loretta Eke Ikpemini. Others are his grandchildren - Kaira Okpala, Muna Okpala and Kayo Adeyemi as well as nieces, nephews, cousins and in-laws.
Christian wake holds today at 22, Okpandu Street, Umuayom village, Amaenyi, Awka, while funeral mass will take place tomorrow at Saint Peter’s Catholic Church, Nkwele, Awka, thereafter, interment. There will be outing mass on Sunday, July 4, 2021 at St Peter’s Catholic Church, Nkwele, Awka.
Adieu, Ozumba Awka.
WRITTEN BY KENECHUKWU EKE
NNPC MD, Kyaria Briefs Senate Today On PIB
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-01 07:09:47CategoriesNigeria The Nigeria Senate President, Ahmad Lawan said the Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, Mele Kyari, will today, brief the Senate on the Petroleum Industry Bill, 2021. Lawan who disclosed this during today’s plenary said the briefing was to help Senators to be better informed on the technicalities and financial implications of certain provisions in the piece of legislation, adding that the briefing by the NNPC boss would be closed-door, and would be devoted to the consideration of the report, which seeks to reform the country’s petroleum industry. The Senate had on Tuesday received the report of the Joint Committee on Petroleum (Downstream), Petroleum (Upstream) and Gas Resources on PIB. According to lawmakers, the bill, first presented in the National Assembly in 2008, aims to streamline how energy assets in Nigeria are operated and funded and would also regulate the oil industry and attract more investment to the sector. 
UNICEF Raises Alarm Over Humanitarian Crisis In  Tigray, Ethiopia
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-01 07:07:18CategoriesNigeria The United Nations says roads need to be opened and humanitarian flights allowed in for aid to be delivered to tens of thousands of vulnerable people in Tigray in northern Ethiopia. The UN children's agency, UNICEF, said more than thirty thousand children risk imminent death if urgent access is not granted. UNICEF'S representative, Adele Khodr said they also need to make sure that the telecommunications are restored, power reconnected and access given to the people that need humanitarian assistance. Report said, government official in Ethiopia capital, Addis Ababa, said if necessary, the Military could retake Tigray's regional capital, Mekelle, in three weeks. 
Anambra Mothers' Summit: Governors Wives', Women Affairs Minister, Others Extol Mrs Obiano
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-01 07:05:05CategoriesState Dr Alex Ekwueme square, Awka, was filled to the brim as the Governor's Wife, Dr Ebelechukwu Obaino hosted the 2021 Mothers' Summit.   The Summit, which is an annual event since Dr Willie Obiano took the saddle of office, marks the last she will host as the Governor's wife, and has as its theme “Fighting Gender Violence in a COVID-19 World”.   Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that women were gorgeously adorned in different uniforms representing their various local governments and had displays of various farm produce, depicting where they came from.   Felicitating with the Governor's wife and Anambra Women, the wife of  Enugu State Governor,  Mrs Monica Ugwuanyi, her Osun State counterpart, Mrs  Kafayat Oyetola, who is the Chairperson, Southern Governors Wife Forum, as well as the wife of Bayelsa State Governor, Mrs Gloria Diri said Mrs Obiano has done marvelously well for the women in the State, stating that though COVID-19 pandemic drew them back a little, they are of the belief that women are strong, objective, bold and confident, advising them to rise to their challenges, collaborate with each other and protect all.   The Minister of Women Affairs represented by a Director in the Ministry, Mrs Anthonia Ekpa said the summit has helped to expose the women to various societal issues, which they need to tackle for positive living and commended Mrs Obiano for being a shining example to the women.  On her part, the Anambra State Commissioner for Education, Professor Kate Omenugha, explained how the Governor’s wife revamped the Special Educational Center, Isulo and made tremendous impact in education sector, including the free education given to all the physical challenged, thanking God for all he has used the Governor's wife to do in the State.   In their separate speeches, the National President, ASATU Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo and the Woman Leader, All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Mrs Gloria Udevi extolled Dr Obiano for assisting the poor and needy through her pet project, CAFÉ.   The Governor's wife later inspected all the farm produce displayed by the women, who during the event had a match past.   She later empowered them with equipment which includes sets of garri grinding machine, palm kernel processing machine as well as other donations. 
Obiano Receives Award Of Excellence In Community Development
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-07-01 07:02:13CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has received an award of Excellence in Community and Social Development.   Governor Obiano received the award from the State beneficiaries of the World Bank-assisted Community and Social Development Project Additional Financing.   Correspondent, Ebele Ezeh reports that the award was presented to the Governor during the public presentation of the achievements of the Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre, Awka.  Receiving the award, Governor Obiano represented by the State Head of Service, Barrister Harry Udu said the two hundred and fifty completed micro projects within the twelve participating council areas of the State are in fulfillment of his efforts in making sure that development gets to various communities. The Commissioner for Economic Planning, Budget and Development Partners, Mr. Mark Okoye disclosed that Anambra State Government invested over seven billion, two hundred million naira into the project.  Mr. Okoye listed communities desire for a direct assistance through Community-Driven Development Programme that can shape their destinies, empowering communities with resources, voice and capacity building to sustain development and management of fund by beneficiaries to help reduce corruption as some of the lessons learnt during implementation process.   In his speech, the Board Chairman, Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, Igwe Roland Odegbo of Nteje, disclosed that they supported sixty-two poor communities and seventeen vulnerable groups across the twelve focal council areas with over one billion, four hundred million naira to implement and complete two hundred and fifty micro projects as at September 2020.  Igwe Odegbo expressed satisfaction that they were able to achieve the Project Development Objective despite the limited period they had.   Later in a goodwill message, the World Bank Task Team Leader, Community and Social Development Project, Professor Foluso Okunmadewa, through the General Manager, Anambra State Community and Social Development Agency, Mr. Chudi Mojekwu said that they were proud of the impressive results and impact of the agency on the lives and livelihood of the poor in rural communities in Anambra State.   Presenting a paper titled “Outcome evaluation study of the Community and Social Development Project in Anambra State”, a resource person, Professor Daniel Ugwu recommended capacity training and retraining of stakeholders at the council areas and communities on the concept and benefits of Community-Driven Development, finance and conflict management to guarantee sustainability and accelerated grassroots development.   The public presentation featured award presentations to some outstanding benefiting groups, drama on implementation process and cultural dance. 
Anambra Gubernatorial Election: Political Observers, Analysts  Root For Soludo
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-01 06:58:30CategoriesState The conclusion of primary elections by major political parties participating in the November six governorship election in Anambra State has paved the way for a view of what eligible voters in the State expect to see in the harmattan poll. While most political analysts and spectators expect a tough contest, judging by the antecedents of flag bearers of the major participating political parties, diehards believe that the nature of the primary elections that brought the candidates would determine how they would fare at the polling units. Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe, sought the opinions of observers and reports that the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Nigeria's third largest political party and the leading political group in Anambra State was first to hold its primary election on June 23, 2021, which saw the emergence of erstwhile Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and former University Don, Professor Chukwuma Soludo as its standard bearer. Other political parties have also had theirs, with notable names making the list of contenders for the Anambra top seat. Lending his voice to the conversation, a former Commissioner in Anambra State, Chief Everest Ubah, said the atmosphere of peace that characterized APGA primary election in particular showed that the party was prepared as a family that accommodates its differences to go about the November poll with a united goal. In their separate remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman of Ekwusigo Local Government Area, Barrister Austin Enendu and the Managing Director of Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, ACTDA, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa, said that Professor Soludo, among other candidates, presents outstanding credentials, the type that can step up on Governor Willie Obiano's legacies. For the Anambra Central Coordinator of Soludo Support Group, Comrade Ochije Modilim, APGA possesses both the political advantage and character to win the November election, noting that the rancour-free primary election combined with Soludo's cross-border experience beat other competitors. 
SON Holds Sensitization Workshop For Aluminium Manufacturers, Currogators, Operators In Awka
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2021-07-01 06:54:42CategoriesState Aluminum manufacturers, currogators and operators in Anambra State have been called upon to adhere to the rules guiding the importation, sourcing and production of aluminum products in order to find solutions to the influx of imported substandard goods into Nigeria. This call was made by the Director-General of the Standard Organization of Nigeria, Mallam Farouk Salim at a one day sensitization workshop for those in the aluminum sector. The event which had as its theme “Rules guiding importation, sourcing of materials production and corrugation of quality aluminum sheets" took place in Awka.  Correspondent Onyinye Agubaeze reports that the Director-General of Standard Organization of Nigeria represented by the Regional Co-ordinator of the organization Mrs Nwaoma Olujie described  the Aluminum sub-sector as one of the fastest growing sectors which Standard Organization of Nigeria has been partnering in sanitizing the market of inferior products imported into the Country. In his welcome address, the Anambra State Co-ordinator, of the Standard Organization of Nigeria, Mr Onipede Olarenwa, while commending  the association for its support towards the success of the programme reiterated that aluminum importers are expected to have Mill test certificates of analysis for every batch of aluminum coils imported adding that the certificate must be presented during inspections to ascertain its quality. Also present at the occasion was Mr Jugu Elisha who presented papers on the quality of aluminum roofing sheets and standard requirements. Speaking to the ABS, the Chairman of the Aluminum Manufacturers, Currugators and Dealers Association in Anambra State Mr Emeka Malunze said that members of the association are working towards eradicating poor quality aluminum products in Anambra State and Nigeria at large. The event featured a question and answer session and certificate presentation. 
ACTDA Inaugurates Public Toilet Facility At UNIZIK Junction, Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-01 06:51:12CategoriesState An Ultramodern Toilet Facility has been inaugurated at the UNIZIK Junction, to address Open Defecation This in line with the drive of the Wife of the Governor of Anambra State Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano to uplift the living standards of the citizenry. The ultramodern toilet facility dedicated to the Governor’s wife has male, female, physically-challenged persons, as well as nursing mothers sections that meet international standards, with security, water facility and overhead tank for adequate water supply. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa, who announced that the dedication of the facility to the Governor’s Wife was to immortalize and help her achieve lofty objectives for humanity, recalled that Dr Obiano had embarked on similar projects in Local Government Areas across the State, adding that the facility at the UNIZIK junction will be replicated in other strategic places within Awka Metropolis.  He urged the public to treat the facility with utmost care, and accord deserved respect to security and other staff working at the facility, and warned against the use of such for all manner of drug intake. Commending the State Government for the project through the Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, a Motorist Mr. Chukwubiko Ezeonwujiobi, and Mrs Stella Ike, called on the public to reciprocate Government’s gesture by taking full ownership of the facility. 
6th International Conference Of Faculty Of Social Sciences COOU Kicks Off At Igbariam Campus
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-01 06:47:42CategoriesState Dynamics, threats and various functions of the Social Media came to the fore as Faculty of Social Sciences, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, held its International Conference. The conference sixth in its series, with the theme “Social Media and Security Issues in Post COVID-19 era in Africa" attracted participants from within and outside Nigeria. Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that the keynote speaker Professor Ifeoma Dunu of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka said that the social media itself is not a problem, but its usage which she said could be positive or negative.  The university Teacher maintained that Social Media produces collapsed media content which was hitherto removed by traditional and conventional media, and cited Nigeria, Chad Republic, Ethiopia, Algeria, Tanzania, Uganda among others, as countries in Africa that have banned one platform of social Media or another, even as she said that social media if not properly used, could destabilize the society. In his remarks, the Vice Chancellor of the University, Professor Greg Nwakoby, represented by the Deputy Vice Chancellor, Administration, Professor Solomon Ekwenze, said that the theme of the conference is timely and urged participants to utilize all the knowledge they will ganner at the end of the conference. The Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba commended the faculty of Social Sciences of the University, and pointed out that the Obiano administration is committed to helping the University to be globally competitive through effective funding and Provision of enabling learning environment for both the management and the students.  In their various remarks, the Chairman, local organizing committee of the conference, Professor Angela Nwanmuo and Dr. Gideon Nwafor, described the conference as successful. Professor Lere Amusan from the North West University, South Africa also delivered a lecture at the conference, which featured award presentations to some distinguished individuals, including the Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C. Don Adinuba, his Social Welfare Children and Women Affairs counterpart, Mrs Ndidi Mezue, cultural displays among others. 
Commentary: The Need To Take Part In The Continuous Voter Registration
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-30 08:02:21CategoriesColumnist As speculations begin permutations and plots ahead of the 2023 general elections and other elections in states, the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) is also not resting on its oars, as it is working to validate its national register, include more eligible voters and expand voters’ access to polling units. Thus, the Commission, on Monday this week, began the Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise across Nigeria.
The continuous voter registration exercise is done online. Those taking part in the exercise include Nigerians who have just attained the age of 18 and have never been registered to vote; any registered voter who experienced some difficulties during accreditation in the previous elections; registered voters who wish to change their voting locations and those whose Permanent Voter’s Cards are damaged, lost or defaced.
Others are those who wish to correct information such as names, date of birth and others in their cards; those who recently become Nigerian citizens or those who newly relocate to Nigeria and do not get PVC before. According to INEC, the online registration is meant to reduce crowd at registration centres in line with the COVID-19 pandemic protocols.
The online registration, which started on Monday, will last for three weeks. It will enable people fill in their data and upload their passport photograph online. The second phase is biometric data capturing in INEC offices in all the local government areas. INEC will give a date online when those concerned will go to INEC office of their local government area for data capturing.
The essence is to cross check and confirm that the person that registered online is the person. INEC will start issuing temporary voter card to those who registered from July 19, 2021. INEC has no accredited online registration centre. Therefore, Ndi Anambra should beware of fraudster who might make such claims. Anyone who has access to internet in their smart phone or laptop can do the online registration by themselves.
Political parties, traditional rulers, religious bodies, NGOs, market leaders and all political appointees should sensitize, educate and encourage their people to take part in the continuous voter registration exercise.
There is no doubt that the exercise is a good development in the right direction. The world is going digital and as such INEC is taking advantage of digitalization and social media to register more people, especially as it could be done on our android phones. Many organizations are already using online media for their various businesses and are also doing well; hence, INEC should be commended for following suit.
Furthermore, online registration reduces the number of staff INEC need to coordinate physical registration and the time voters need to register too, aside from reducing cost and other logistics that are expended on registration. The innovation also helps remove the various bottlenecks created by INEC bureaucracy and the frustration for an average voter, while undertaking physical registration.
Again, sometime ago, INEC scrutinized its register to remove ghost names and under-aged voters. With the online registration, the cleansing would be easier and faster and with fewer challenges.
It must be understood that elections are about voters having the opportunity to register in the first instance, having the opportunity for their names to appear in the register and on the Election Day, and make them spend less time in their various voting units to cast their votes. Hence, INEC should make life easier for the electorate by making them register online at no cost attached.
INEC is called upon to think of ways Nigerians in the Diaspora could be allowed to participate in the electoral system, especially now that it is going online. Drawing an inference from the ATM card, INEC should make casting votes in such a way that one can pull his/her PVC and connect to anywhere in the country to cast his/her vote, so long as the person is registered to vote.
WRITTEN BY OBINNA IKWUETO
Commentary: The Thirty-fifth Awka Diocesan Women Conference
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-30 07:57:51CategoriesColumnist The Anglican Community in Aguluzigbo of Agulu Archdeaconry in the Diocese of Awka will host a four-day 35th Awka Diocesan Women Conference from Saturday, June 26 to Tuesday 29, 2021. Delegates from the 89 Parishes in the 18 Archdeaconries of the Diocese will arrive tomorrow for the annual conference with the theme: “THE NAME OF THE LORD IS A STRONG TOWER” taken from Proverbs chapter 18 verse 10.
The conference will kick off with an arrival service, to be officiated by the Most Reverend Alexander Chibuzor Ibezim (Ph.D) and other clergy. Presentation and launching of the conference cake will take place on Sunday. Presentation of the profile mother, Mrs. Hannah Adogu, along with the 33rd edition of the Christian family magazine will equally take place on Sunday.
Reading of the conference address by the Provincial President and President of the conference, Mrs. Martha Chioma Ibezim (Mama Province, Mama Awka and Nneọma), holds on Monday, 28, followed by ceremonial activities to herald the launching of the address. On Tuesday, 29th June, awards will be presented to deserving female personalities with the closing formalities.
Historically, the early Christian evangelists from Igbo-Ukwu, who came to Aguluzigbo to learn the Ụbọ Ọgazị cultural dance in 1912, prevailed upon their Aguluzigbo friend to abandon their old ways of living and embrace the message of the cross, the word of life. A good number of persons were converted, most of who enrolled in church school at Igbo-Ukwu.
By 1915, the number of converts increased. Thus, St. Marks Church was planted and housed in a modest mud house, provided by one son of the soil. Between 1917 and 1918, the first converts were baptized.
In 1936, a better structure with corrugated iron roofing sheets, wooden frames and shutter for the doors and windows was constructed. Durable wooden benches replaced the earthen mounds used as seats. The building was completed and put to use in 1940.
St. Marks Church begat a new church, christened the “All Saints Church.” However, worship commenced and continued in the old school building. As time went on, the need for a befitting church building became inevitable. Construction commenced and with time the edifice was dedicated on November 13, 2013. The church was also elevated to a parish level.
The withdrawal of a sizeable population of the All Saints Church adversely affected St. Marks Parish. However, a few committed members remained. Before long, there was need to effect some structural adjustments to the physical structure of the church. At the end, the rededication of the church was done on February 14, 2021 by the Most Revd. Ibezim
The history of the two parishes cannot be complete without mentioning the untiring efforts of the clergy and various church workers who shepherded the flock. The Home and Abroad Women’s General Meetings have been holding fort beautifully. The local organizing committee, headed by Brother Christian Akụwa, is commended.
Awka Diocesan Women Conference, since its inception in 1989, has continued to grow from strength to strength. The Diocesan Women Conference this year also marks the official enrolment of women into the Diocesan Women’s Guild. This is an umbrella for all married Christian women in the Diocese to carry every woman along from the grassroot.
Women in Awka Diocese have many projects at hand. Fund-raising in support of these projects is a major highlight of the conference. We hereby request friends, well wishers, delegates, conference ambassadors and invitees to give generously for the support of the Women Ministry in the Diocese.
On behalf of Mrs. Martha Chioma Ibezim (Nneọma), the Vice Presidents and the ADWOC planning committee, I warmly welcome you to Aguluzigbo and pray for a successful 2021 ADWOC to the glory of God.
AWKA DIOCESE! VIA CRUCIS!
WRITTEN BY DAME CHIKA OSINOMUMU
Obiano Asks Church To Sustain Prayer For Nigeria As Diocese Of Niger West Holds 4th Synod Thanksgiving Service
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-06-30 07:50:53CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has called on the Church to sustain its prayers for the State and Nigeria at large for the benefit of all.   Governor Obiano made the call during the second session of the fourth synod thanksgiving service of Diocese of Niger West held at St. Jude's Anglican Church Nando, Anambra East Council Area.   Governor Obiano represented by his Chief of Staff, Chief Primus Odili, through Mr. Francis Okeke, commended the Diocese and expressed satisfaction with the government-church partnership, saying it is yielding desire results.  The Bishop of the Diocese, Right Reverend Dr. Johnson Ekwe, thanked Governor Obiano and all who contributed to the success of the synod, which he believed will bring healing and blessings to the land of Anambra East and Ayamelum respectively.   Bishop Ekwe called on the Federal Government to adopt dialogue and democratic method to tackle the challenges facing the country, as he condemned the menace of herdsmen, discriminate arrest and killings on mere suspicion, as well as killing of law enforcement officers in the East, describing it as inhuman and unlawful.  In their remarks, the member representing Anambra East and West federal constituency, Hononable Chinedu Obidigwe and the member representing Anambra East in the State House of Assembly, Pharmacist Obinna Emeneka, thanked the Church for their prayers for Anambra and Nigeria in general, urging them to keep the tempo, noting the need for leaders of the country to find the best way to dialogue for a better Nigeria.   For another guest speaker, Evangelist Alexandra Onyemelukwe, the theme of the synod "You are complete in Christ, the head of principality and power" is apt not only in a time like this, but at all times, since one is only complete in Christ, for without him man's effort is in vain, calling on Christians to seek the face of God for a turnaround in Nigeria.  The Clerical Synod Secretary, Venerable Charles Chukwurah and the host vicar, Venerable Ebelechukwu Egbuji thanked God that the synod was successful in all ramifications, noting that the theme of the synod will inspire them to have confidence in God in discharging their duties.   Prayers for Nigeria, Anambra State, and families, cutting of the synod cake and thanksgiving featured during the synod thanksgiving service. 
Goodluck Football Club Wins 2021 Obi  United Football Tournament At Nnewi Powered By Melie Onyejepu
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-30 07:47:12CategoriesState The final match of sports tournament sponsored by Ogbuefi Melie Onyejepu Foundation has ended with Goodluck Football Club taking the trophy as the winner of the match. The match, christened Obi United Football tournament accommodating both indigene and non-indigene players aimed at grooming and bringing out the talents of the youths in order to meaningfully engage them in life. The match, which took place at the Obi Nnonoo, Akaboedoji, Uruagu Nnewi, had Great Star Football Club, take second position, while Promise Land Football Club, took third position.  Addressing the gathering after the tournament, the Chairman of Ogbuefi Melie Onyejepu Foundation, Mr. Arinze Nwosu said that they embarked on sponsoring the tournament in order to assist government engage youths in meaningful ventures that will be beneficial to them and the society. Mr. Nwosu commended the State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano for investing in the lives of the youths, which Ogbuefi Melie Onyejepu emulated by investing in the life of many, especially the vulnerable, down trodden, indigent, people living with disabilities and many others. A member of the club, Mr. Timothy Okafor applauded Ogbuefi Onyejepu for his vision in taking the youths off the street, noting that the club is waxing strong due to his concern and support from the State sports Commission, which has donated football and other equipment to them. In their separate speeches, Prince Chike Obieloka and Nnamdi Okafoagu said the tournament has reawaken their spirit in sports and promised to keep the flag flying. While appreciating the sponsor, the Captain of Goodluck FC, Oziomachukwu Okafor said that Obi United Football Tournament will help them continue to work together to achieve the aim and vision of the club. Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that presentation of trophy, cash prize and other items climaxed the tournament. 
Gender - Based Violence  In Focus As 2021 Mothers' Summit Holds  In Awka, Anambra State
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-30 07:35:57CategoriesState The Wife of the governor of Anambra State, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano yesterday joined other Anambra women at the 2021 Mothers' Summit. The event which took place at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Center in Awka is an annual event organized by the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs in collaboration with the Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, to discuss pertinent issues affecting women and the girl child.  Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe was there and reports that the 2021 Mothers' Summit was unique not only because it would be the last to be held in the era of the present administration in Anambra State, but because it dealt with a topic that keeps re-occurring in every social discourse. Available statistics by the International Growth Centre reveal that thirty percent of women and girls in Nigeria aged between fifteen and forty-nine are experiencing one form of abuse or the other, and with the health restrictions caused by COVID-19 pandemic, social observers fear that more and more persons would be affected.  It was as a result of these tensions that the governor's wife, Dr Obiano insisted that the more emphasis be placed on tackling the issue in the area of awareness creation and grassroots sensitization. Addressing the women, Dr Obiano said that CAFE, stands at the forefront of the campaign against any form of violence against women, with the training and empowerment of indigent women and youths by the organization helping to boost self-reliance among vulnerable women.  The Governor's wife also urged mothers to always observe the behaviors of their children, and ensure that they  are always occupied with fruitful ventures, insisting that the duty lies on everyone to rid the society of anti- social activities. In his speech, the APGA standard bearer for the November sixth governorship election in Anambra, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, suggested the need for an enabling legislation against gender-based violence and legal  framework against household violence against minors.  In her address, the Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, Mrs Ndidi Mezue said that the fight against gender-based violence requires an approach that is both liberating and self-sustaining, stressing that socio-economic emancipation remains the shortest route to ending the ugly trend. The keynote speaker, , Professor Chike Okoye, of  the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka stressed the need for proper awareness, sex education and strengthening of economic status of low-income families as some solutions to gender-based violence.  Governors' wives from across Nigeria including the wife of the Governor of Enugu State, Mrs Ugochi Ugwuanyi, chairperson of the Southern Governors' Wives' Forum and wife of the Governor of Osun State, Mrs Rafayat Oyetola, wife of the Oyo State governor, Mr Olufunke Makinde, wife of the Governor of Bayelsa State, Dr Gloria Duoye-Diri, and wife of the Governor of Taraba State, Mrs Annah Darius-Ishaku, also addressed at the event. Members of the state executive council, legislature, transition committee chairmen and women from the twenty-one local government areas of Anambra State, were also in attendance. The topic for this year's occasion is “Fighting Gender-based Violence in a COVID-19 World". 
Anambra Assembly Passes Bill For Establishment Of  State Hydraform And Concrete Agency
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-06-30 07:30:16CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill for a law to establish the Anambra State Hydraform and Concrete Agency. The bill, sponsored by the Executive Arm of Government and presented to the House by the Majority Leader, Dr. Nnamdi Okafor was passed during yesterday’s plenary in Awka. The Anambra State Hydraform and Concrete Agency is for the production, distribution and sale of hydraform bricks, concrete, interlocking stones to be used in all government building projects. According to the bill, the agency shall also develop strategy for diversifying into other block making business in the near future; and develop the strategy for commercializing the products as may be directed by the Governor. After the bill passed clause by clause considerations at the committee on  the whole, the Speaker of the House Right Honourable Uche Okafor read out the bill for passage, while the lawmakers supported it through a voice vote. In his reaction, the member representing Onitsha South Constituency One Mr Uzoma Eli noted that with the establishment of the agency, the state government has opened another channel of employment for the teeming unemployed youths with a view to satisfying their needs and making the state financially self-sustaining. On his part, the member representing Dunukofia Constituency and Chief Whip, Chief Lawrence Ezeudu described the bill as a welcome development, in that it will improve the revenue profile of the state and make production of quality bricks, interlocking stones, and brick tiles for all government building projects affordable and cheaper for the State government. 
Obiano Receives Award From NUP For Prompt, Regular Payment Of Pensions, Outstanding Leadership
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-30 07:28:00CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has received high commendations for his outstanding leadership from the Nigeria Union of Pensioners. The Southeast Zonal Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners and Imo State Chairman of the Union, Dr Josiah Ugochukwu gave the commendation in Awka during the presentation of award for Prompt and regular Payment of Pensions to Governor Obiano The event was the Enlarged Anambra State Council Meeting of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners in Awka. Dr Ugochukwu in his remarks stated that when compared with other States the manner Governor Obiano handles the retirees has been outstanding and commendable urging the pensioners in Anambra state to always support the government in order to sustain the cordial relationship.  The Anambra State Council Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners, Comrade Anthony Ugozor affirmed during the meeting which attracted major stakeholders of the union from within and outside the state that the Union has over time enjoyed cordial relationship with the Obiano administration. He thanked the governor for his support and assured that the union will not relent in its effort towards ensuring a peaceful and progressive Anambra. The Anambra State chapter of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners also used the opportunity to unveil and present to the governor a national award of solid and consistent performance  as well as valuable contributions to the growth of the Nigeria Union of Pensioners. Unveiling the award on behalf of Governor Obiano, the Anambra State Head of Service, Mr Harry Udu assured the pensioners of continued service delivery.  The Chairman on the occasion and former Chief Judge of Anambra State, Justice Peter Umeadi using Anambra as a reference point harped on the need for pensioners to be well taken care of. The event featured the presentation of award of excellence to the Anambra State Chairman and Secretary of Nigeria Union of Pensioners Comrade Anthony Ugozor and Comrade Emmanuel Ebo for their selfless service to the Union. 
IPOB  Leader Nnamdi Kanu Arraigned At Federal High Court Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-30 07:24:54CategoriesNigeria The Leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB Mr Nnamdi Kanu, has been arraigned at the Federal High Court in Abuja. The Attorney-General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mallam Abubakar Malami, SAN, had earlier announced the arrest of the IPOB leader yesterday. The Attorney-General of the Federation accused Mr Kanu of instigating violence in the South-East geopolitical zone using various social media platforms. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau quotes Mallam Malami as saying that Mr Nnamdi Kanu was intercepted on Sunday, twenty seventh June, 2021. He said such was possible through the collaborative efforts of the Nigeria Intelligence and Security Service and brought back to Nigeria to continue to face trial after jumping bail. The case has been scheduled between July twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh for resumption of trial while Mr Kanu has been remanded with the Department of State Service. 
Inmate Of Awka Correctional Centre Onwuzulike Bags PGD, MSc  From National Open University
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-06-30 07:21:00CategoriesState An inmate of Awka Correctional Centre, Mr Jude Onwuzulike, has bagged two certificates from the National Open University of Nigeria, Awka Study Centre. The presentation of the certificates which took place at the Awka Correctional Centre attracted officials of the Correctional Centre, officials of the National Open University of Nigeria and some inmates. Queen Anigbogu reported that  the inmate, Mr Onwuzulike, bagged the certificates for  Post graduate diploma and Master’s degree in Information Technology. In his opening remarks, the Comptroller Awka Correctional Centre, Mr Patrick Chukwuemeka, disclosed that the scheme was initiated for the educational development and skill empowerment of the inmates. Mr Chukwuemeka represented by the Superintendent in charge of the Correctional Centre, Mr Harry Okonkwo, also said that the Correctional Centre is not only for confinement of inmates but also  offer  opportunities to  them to upgrade themselves academically and as well learn skills that will make them better persons after their jail term.  In his remarks, the representative of the Registrar of the  National Open University of Nigeria, Mr Oladipo Ajayi, explained that the programme is what National Open University of Nigeria represents which is to impact lives and give education to Nigerians irrespective of status and location. While describing the acquisition of the certificates by Mr Onwuzulike as great achievement, the Registrar urged  other inmates of the Correctional Centre to key into the programme to become educated. Also speaking,  the Director, National Open University of Nigeria Awka Centre, Associate Professor Scholastica Ezeribe, thanked God for making the day a reality and revealed that the programme is free for all inmates to show that they are important to God and the society. In their separate remarks, the Public Relations Officer of the Centre, Mr Francis Ekezie and Dr Henry Nwokoye, thanked the facilitators of the programme appealing to other inmates to emulate  Mr Onwuzulike and make judicious use of their time in confinement to upgrade themselves. In his response, the graduate, Mr Onwuzulike, expressed delight with the opportunity given him to better his lot academically and appreciated all that contributed to make it possible as well as his wife and children who have been standing by him since his stay in prison. Group photograph also featured during the event. 
Anambra Governorship Election: Soludo Asks Support Groups To Sustain Mobilization, Sensitization
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-06-30 07:15:53CategoriesState The standard bearer of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA in the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has expressed gratitude to the Old Aguata Union of All Soludo Support Group for its massive support towards his emergence as the APGA candidate. Speaking at his country home Isuofia in Aguata Local Government Area when the group called on him, Professor Soludo enjoined them to intensify efforts to ensure that APGA wins the forthcoming governorship election in Anambra State. In his speech, the leader of the delegation, Prince Neville Uchendu, said that the Old Aguata Union of All Soludo Support Group paid a courtesy call on Professor Soludo to congratulate him on his emergence as the APGA governorship candidate.  Prince Uchendu an APGA Chieftain who hails from Ogboji in Orumba South Local Government Area maintained that the Old Aguata Union of All Soludo Support Group under the leadership of the wife of the former Vice president, Mrs. Ifeoma Ekwueme, assured Professor Soludo that the group will deliver APGA in all the electoral wards in Aguata, Orumba North and Orumba South Local Government Areas during the governorship election. He called on politicians in Old Aguata union irrespective of party affiliations to give maximum support to Professor Soludo who he described as a tested and trusted public servant. Professor Soludo and his wife, Nonye were later decorated with the Old Aguata Union of All Soludo Support Group's official regalia. 
Anambra State Endows Chinua Achebe Prize for Nigerian Writing
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-06-29 06:30:22CategoriesState To mark the 40th anniversary of the Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA) which Africa's greatest raconteur and novelist founded at the University of Nigeria at Nsukka, the Anambra State Government has endowed a one-million naira (N1 million) worth Chinua Achebe Prize for Nigerian Writing. The Prize is to be administered by ANA founded in 1981. The state Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba, made the endowment known in Awka, the Anambra State capital, while speaking to journalists today. Mr Adinuba reported Governor Willie Obiano as stressing that Achebe deserves celebration not only in his native Anambra State but also all over Nigeria, Africa and the world as the globally acclaimed “father of African literature”. The Chinua Achebe Prize for Nigerian Writing will be awarded to the best novel published by a Nigerian writer in each calendar year. The prize will be distinctive from the usually awarded ANA Fiction Prize, ANA Poetry Prize, ANA Drama Prize etc in that it will draw entries from distinguished publishers in Nigeria, Africa and the world. The Nigerian Diaspora that rates quite high on the literary front will through the Chinua Achebe Prize for Nigerian Writing identify strongly with the home front. Chinua Achebe blazed a trail in world literature when he published the classic Things Fall Apart on June 17, 1958 at barely 27 years of age. The novel has since been translated to well over 60 languages and ignited a boom in African writing. The other novels of Achebe are No Longer At Ease, Arrow of God, A Man of the People, and Anthills of the Savannah. By instituting the Chinua Achebe Prize for Nigerian Writing, the Anambra State Government has written its name in history as the first state government in Nigeria to honour a writer. Camilus Uka, professor of literature at Imo State University and ANA president, has praised Governor Obiano for the honour to Achebe. "In an era of crass philistinism in Nigeria", he declared in a telephone conversation with Commissioner Adinuba this morning, "it is reassuring that there are top government officials like Chief Obiano who appreciates ideas, letters and culture". Professor Uka said that the governor's gesture has galvanised ANA to consider holding a meeting in Awka to mark the association's 40th anniversary as it has already done in some Nigerian cities. Signed: C. Don Adinuba Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment. 
Commentary: The Sixteenth Aguata Diocesan Women Conference
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-29 06:28:44CategoriesColumnist Women of Aguata Diocese will converge on Saint Peter’s Church, Ezinifite in Aguata Local Government Area from Thursday 1st July for a three-day sixteenth Aguata Diocesan Women’s Conference. The theme of the conference is: The Principle of Transformation Discipleship. The theme is to assure the people that being a true disciple of God is rewarding. According to the Secretary of Aguata Diocesan Women’s Ministry, Mrs. Unoma Ekwueme, delegates and other representatives will arrive the conference venue on Thursday, 1st July for registration, after which an opening service will be held by 3pm. On Friday, 2nd July, the President of the Conference, Mrs. Chinyere Hulda Ezeofor JP (Nnechukwunyere, Mama Aguata), will read the presidential address by 11am, while on Saturday, the unveiling of the 16th edition of the Christian Life Magazine and 2022 Calendar will take the centre stage at 2pm. Lady Phoebe Umudu is the profile mother of this year’s women conference. The conference will end on Sunday, July 4, 2021 with a thanksgiving service and cutting of the conference cake by 10am. The Diocesan Women conference, which promises far reaching spiritual manifestations, fulfillment and benefits, is under the presidency of Mrs. Chinyere Ezeofor and under the fatherly guidance of the Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, the Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor, who is also the patron. Mrs. Ezeofor, though three years as President of Aguata Diocesan Women’s Ministry, needs to be commended for the manner she has been piloting the affairs of the Ministry. Worthy of praise is the manner in which she has been carrying along the Vice Presidents of the Women’s Ministry, who are the wives of Archdeacons. Some of the major projects of the Diocesan Women’s Ministry, including the Lampada Table Water at Aguluezechukwu, Garri Processing Factory at Okpeze, among others, put in place by her pioneer president, the late Dame Jane Efobi, Nneifunaya, have been improved upon and repositioned by Mrs. Ezeofor for efficient service delivery. Plans are on to improve the facilities at the Skill Acquisition Centre at Ekwulobia and enhancing its performance to accommodate more women in the area. The Women’s Ministry has also disbursed refundable loans to over fifty women, in addition to Macedonia visits to indigent members of the church in the Diocese to strengthen them morally, spiritually and physically. The Women of Aguata Diocese are equally supporting the efforts of the Diocese to improve on the infrastructural development of institutions owned by the Diocese, as borehole drilling is ongoing at the Diocesan Hospital, Igboukwu, in addition to two-storey Dining Hall and kitchen at Saint Mary the Virgin Convent Ufuma. Youths are been empowered in their various skills to divert their minds from crime and restiveness. The people of Aguata Diocese should support Mrs. Ezeofor by joining hands to make the 16th Aguata Diocesan Women’s Conference a huge success. A woman of substance, humility, virtue, discipline and truthfulness, Mrs. Ezeofor is working in line with the Biblical women of old like Esther, Deborah, Dorcas, among others, to organize and grow the Women’s Ministry which, she has taken to the next level. Historically, in 1915, Ezinifite citizens, numbering 37, first embraced the CMS faith and quickly asked for a parcel of land for the establishment of a church in the community. They established the Immanuel church, which is today, the headquarters of Ezinifite Archdeaconry. Following the spread of the gospel in the community, more churches were established. They are the Saint Peter’s Church, where the 16th Aguata Diocesan Women Conference is taking place, Saint James’ Church and Saint Andrew’s. So, as Women of Aguata Diocese brace for the 16th Diocesan Conference, well meaning citizens are invited as the host Archdeacon, Venerable David Obiaogboso, together with his wife, Chinyere and the Chairman of the Central Planning Committee of the event, Lady Ngozi Ike, has made adequate arrangements for a successful outing. Aguata Diocese, Lampada Christi! 
Anambra Govt Drags Three Suspects To Court Over Illegal Revenue Collection
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-29 06:20:26CategoriesState In line with its efforts to rid the state of illegal task collectors, the Anambra State government, through the state Board of Internal Revenue has dragged three suspects to court for allegedly engaging in illegal revenue collection around Nnewi and environs. The suspects, Messrs. Godwin Anyasa, Samuel Anthony, and Arinze Ekweoba were picked up by officials of the Anambra State Internal Revenue Service in collaboration with security agents on the 25th of June, 2021, where they were allegedly impersonating  officials of the agency to extort money from people in the area, especially motorists.  The suspects who pleaded not guilty were granted bail by the magistrate presiding over the case at the Magistrate Court Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area, on the bases that each of them will pay a fine of seven hundred thousand naira, present two witnesses and sureties, who are civil servants within grade level ten and twelve, among other things. Two of the suspects, who spoke to the ABS, Anthony and Ekweoba said they were sent on the job by one prominent man in the area, whom they refused to disclose. Reacting to the incident, the chairman Anambra State Internal Revenue Service, Dr. David Nzekwu, who described illegal revenue collection as a criminal act, warned those that are still indulging in the act to desist or face the full wrath of law. The case was later adjourned to August third 2021, while the suspects are to be remanded in the correctional center till the date. 
Labour Party Dedicates New Office In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-29 06:19:07CategoriesState The Anambra State chapter of the Labour Party, LP, has dedicated a new office in Awka, Anambra State capital. The event, which attracted the national leadership of the Party led by the chairman, Barrister Julius Abure, offered opportunity for the party to re-strategize for victory in the November sixth Anambra Governorship election.  Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that while addressing members at the new office, Barrister Abure, said the facility will enable the party streamline activities that will assist it in the Anambra governorship election, describing the party and its flag bearer, Mr. Obiora Agbasimelo, as ones committed to addressing developmental issues in the state. On his part, the state chairman of the party, Mr. Emmanuel Eme, said given the party candidate's shinning credentials, and number of political decampees joining Labour Party, the party victory is ready for the gubernatorial election.  Thanking Labour Party faithful for choosing him to fly the party's flag in the Anambra governorship election, Mr. Agbasimelo said he will increase the tempo of development in the state if elected governor, adding that his victory will be victory for the youths. War dance group of Ohafia, Abia State, was among cultural groups that performed at the ceremony equally attended by members of Oga Ndi Oga support group. 
Anambra Govt Distributes Farm Inputs To Farmers In Ayamelum Council Area
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-06-29 06:18:21CategoriesState In continuation of the free disbursement of farm inputs to Anambra State farmers, the state government yesterday availed farmers in Ayamelum Local Government Area the opportunity to benefit. The initiative, implemented by the Anambra State Ministry of Agriculture, was aimed at assisting farmers, especially those in rural areas with improved farm inputs to boost harvest and advance the food security goal of the state government.  At Ayamelum, one of the major agrarian council areas in the state, the farmers were given improved rice seedlings, cassava stems, maize and fertilizer to prepare them well for the wet season farming. Addressing the farmers, the team leader for Ayamelum Council Area, and Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Agriculture, Mr. Mike Afah, urged the beneficiaries to put the inputs into good use to achieve food security. On her part, the head, Department of Agriculture, Ayamelum council secretariat, Mrs. Ogochukwu Egbuna, commended Governor Willie Obiano for his clear vision in agriculture, and promised that farmers in the area will put the inputs into good use before flood sets in.  Some farmers, who spoke to the ABS, including Mrs. Mary Okafor from Omor, Mr. Dominic Nwabuisi from Omasi and Mr. Benedict Mgbako from Ifite-Ogwari, appreciated the state government for the hybrid farm inputs and promised to make good use of them. 
INEC Resumes Continuous Voter Registration Ahead Of 2023 General Election
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-29 06:14:43CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission  has  resumed the Continuous Voter Registration ahead of the 2023 general elections. The commission had created fifty-six thousand, eight hundred and seventy-two additional polling units across the country and had also accredited thirty-one organisations to observe the CVR, while twenty more applications were being processed. According to the commission, the registration, which will be carried out continuously for over a year until the third quarter of 2022, will be targeting at least twenty million new voters. While threatening to prosecute any citizens who provided false information during the exercise, INEC had said it would be deploying five thousand, three hundred and forty-six officials to two thousand, six hundred and seventy-three registration centres The chairman of INEC, Prof. Mahmood Yakubu, also said the security of the personnel is very paramount. He added that there will be new registrants, requests for intra-State and inter-State transfers as well as the replacement of voters’ cards as provided by law. 
Victor Umeh Disburses N10M To Beneficiaries Of VUMEF
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-29 06:13:26CategoriesState The immediate past representative of Anambra Central at the red chamber, Senator Victor Umeh has once again disbursed funds to the tune of ten million naira to the beneficiaries of his scholarship scheme through his Education Foundation, VUMEF.   The programme which has become an annual event for the past fourteen years saw over ninety university students at different levels and institutions received one hundred thousand naira each for the 2020/2021 academic year.   More students will also get their schools fees  after proper verifications following the discrepancy enthroned by COVID-19 pandemic .   The event commenced with a pontifical high mass presided over by  the Bishop of Ekwulobia Diocese, Most Reverend Peter Okpalaeke who prayed God to bless the society with people of Goodwill just as Senator Umeh.  The Bishop while thanking Senator Umeh for his work of charity, urged people of his status to emulate him no matter how little for a better and brighter future.   Senator Umeh while presenting the draft expressed joy that the foundation has produced many graduates who are doing great things in their different field of endeavors and assured to continue supporting the downtrodden.   He called on the beneficiaries to always aspire for the best through hard work, dedication and diligence.   The Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Anambra State President, Prince Emeka Udodeme while commending Senator Umeh for his commitment towards building a better society called on Ndigbo in General to invest more in human capital development.   Two Children of Late Egbuna Amuta were officially enrolled into the foundation with assurance of being trained up to the university level.   Correspondent Val Mbadugha reports that the event attracted the traditional ruler of Aguluzoigbo Community, Igwe Rufos Iloduba, the President General of Aguluzoigbo, Mr. Michael Madueke, host of Clergy, among others. 
Stanley Onuegbu Of ABS  Wins Most Influential Cinematographer Award
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-06-29 06:11:48CategoriesState Stanley Onuegbu of the Anambra Broadcasting Service Camera Unit has won the Most Influential Cinematographer during the Queen of Africa Heritage event held in Awka.   hard work they say pays and so it was for Stanley Onuegbu of Anambra Broadcasting Service, who is one of the capable hands that records news and shoots programmes for ABS, as his handwork was finally recognized during the Queen of Africa Heritage Achievers Award.  Mr. Stanley who received the award could not hide his joy and appreciation, as he thanked the state government for the wonderful work at the State Broadcasting Outfit ABS, which has enabled him to improve his skill and become better.   He also thanked the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ABS, Chief Uche Nworah, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra State Signage and Advertisement Agency, Chief Jude Emecheta and host of others for their constant motivation and support.   The organiser of the event, Mr. Jerry Reginald, said his passion to help youths realize their dreams, motivated him into starting and nurturing the event to its level today to encourage youths and bring their dreams to reality.   Mr. Jerry advised youths against giving up and encouraged them to remain focused and strive to achieve their goals.   An entrepreneur Mr. Okolonkwo Chukwugbahalu, who attended the event, remarked that it’s always good to encourage the young ones to actualize their talents and potentials.   Some of Stanley's friends, Mr. including Clement Onyezuluigbo and Chisom Ugwu, described him as a dedicated person, who gives his best to things he does.   The event featured beauty contest, music and dance.   Later while receiving Mr. Stanley and fellow Cameramen in his office, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah congratulated him for the honour done the station with his performance, appreciating the governor of Anambra state Chief Willie Obiano and the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment Mr C.Don Adinuba  bf for their support as staff of the ABS have always done the station proud. 
Industrialist Okafor  Lauds Obiano On Developmental Initiatives
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-29 06:09:09CategoriesState A Frontline Industrialist, Dr. Godwin Okafor says Anambra State is always lucky to have people with high integrity as Governors.   Speaking to the ABS in his office at the Agu Awka industrial Layout, Dr. Okafor said that Anambra State under Governor Willie Obiano has witnessed series of transformation and developmental accomplishments.   According to the Lagos based Industrialist civil and public servants in the Anambra State Government employ will not forget Governor Obiano in a hurry because of his prompt payment of Workers salary and regular payment of pension to retirees.   Dr. Okafor said that in addition, the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport at Umueri in Anambra East Local Government Area is a big boost to the economic growth of the state because according to him it will continue to attract more foreigners to Anambra State in addition to creating jobs for the teeming youths.   He maintained that Governor Obiano has through his Programmes and policies restored people's confidence in Governance which he said needs to be consolidated.   Dr. Okafor who is a community Leader in Isuofia, hailed the emergence of Prof Chukwuma Soludo as the APGA flag bearer, describing him as a man who has a humble beginning and expressed the hope that he will bring his wealth of experience to bear both locally and internationally in the Governance of Anambra State if giving the opportunity.   He commended Governor Obiano who is the Chairman board of trustees of APGA and the National Chairman of the Party, Dr. Victor Oye and Party faithful for a successful primary election which he noted is an indication that APGA believes in purposeful Leadership, calling on Anambra electorate to vote in a candidate that will continue with the legacy projects of Governor Obiano in the November sixth Governorship election. 
Legacy University Okija Holds 5th Matriculation Ceremony
AuthorFAITH ONYEMUCHEDate2021-06-29 05:46:10CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has charged students of Legacy University Okija to take their studies serious and shun vices capable of denting the image of the school and the state in general. The governor was speaking during the fifth matriculation ceremony of the university held over the weekend, pointed out that Anambra State is known for Academic Excellence.  Governor Obiano, represented by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-don Adinuba assured that his administration is committed to investing in education, promising to reconstruct the access road leading to the school. On her part, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha urged the students to focus on their goal and purpose of coming to the school, reminding them that the present administration has zero tolerance for exam malpractice and cultism.  Addressing the students, the pro-chancellor, Dr. Leonard Nkameme, who spoke on the need to respect constituted authority, advised them to comport themselves, adapt to regular lectures, shun deviant behaviours and vices that can expose them to danger and appreciated Governor Obiano for his support to the school. The Vice Chancellor of the University, Professor Ezekiel Ihionu said the school has recorded appreciable successes and  development, pointing out that the institution has diligently assembled a crème of highly qualified administrative and academic staff to mentor and guide students throughout their stay in the university.  Professor Ihionu called for more investors to take the school to its desired height and encouraged the students to be focused, determined and be good ambassadors of the school. Earlier in his homily to mark the ceremony, the chaplain of the school, Reverend Father Basil Umunna, who spoke on the topic `At the Lord's command said everything happens at God´s timing and command even as he told the students that the day marked the beginning of a journey into their destiny. In their separate speeches, the Dean of Student Affairs, Mrs. Chinyere Ibeh and the Director of Academic planning, Dr. Dickson Obonyano encouraged the students to be of good behaviour. Some of the matriculating students, including Ruth Okechukwu, Obinna Ejiofor and a parent, Mrs. Rosemary Okechukwu appreciated God for the success of the event. The ceremony climaxed with oath taking by the students. 
Commentary: The Emergence Of Professor Soludo As APGA Candidate
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-28 07:17:50CategoriesColumnist The first victory of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, towards its rematch quest to the Government House, Awka came to fruition on Wednesday last week when the majority of the delegates during the party’s primary, overwhelmingly pitched tent with Professor Chukwuma Soludo. There is no doubt that Professor Soludo is a political Iroko, and when he sneezes, other green horns catch cold.
Therefore, APGA leadership and delegates must be commended for choosing this lion, the king of the forest, who is naturally ahead of others, to fly their flag in the November governorship poll in Anambra state. They should, however, note that the game has just started. According to Winston Churchill, Success is not final; it is the courage to continue that counts.
There is no doubt that with his intimidating credentials, Prof. Soludo is the most needed in the state vis-à-vis these challenging times in Nigeria. We know that successful people do what unsuccessful people are not able to do. Already, he has pledged to devote every minute of his life on earth to serve God by working to leave here better than he met it.
Ndi Anambra, this is your moment, seize it! The November election is a very consequential election for the state. It will determine in which direction and speed of our march towards progress or retrogression. Anambra is a unique state, richly blessed with exceptionally productive human capital scattered all over the world but struggling to build a livable and prosperous homeland.
Past governors tried their best.  Dr. Mbadinuju established the Anambra State University; Senator Ngige built some strategic roads; while Mr. Peter Obi, as an APGA governor, built more roads and, in compliance to APGA manifesto, touched other sectors. Our current governor, Chief Willie Obiano, has taken it to the next level by combining both the micro and macro dimensions of governance: unprecedented security, Light up Anambra, 17 bridges and roads, community choose your projects; institutionalization of governance; and now the Anambra International Cargo/Passenger Airport, the International Conference Centre, the Awka Township Stadium, etcetera.
A fundamental summary measure of APGA government’s impact on the welfare of the people is the poverty incidence. According to the NBS, poverty index in Anambra declined from 53% in 2010 to 14.78% in 2020.  There is no state government with comparable revenue that is doing better. So, partisan politics aside, APGA is serving the people better, and Ndi Anambra do not want to go back to Egypt!
 Of course, the government over the next four years will lay the foundation for the Anambra Vision 2070.  Ours is a land of infinite possibilities and opportunities.  We need continuity, consolidation, and transformation to build on the existing foundation and maximize our potentials. We need to mobilize the creative energies and capital of our people all over the world as well as other investors to live out the essence of our motto, the light of the nation.
Soludo was a poor boy whom God has lifted and gifted to serve. He reached the peak of his professional career in his 30’s; had the privilege of living in Ethiopia, U.K, USA, and travelled to 45 other countries as itinerant scholar and consultant to 20 international development and financial institutions before he was called to serve the Federal Government in 2003.
Until 2009, Soludo served as Chief Economic Adviser to President Obasanjo; CEO of National Planning Commission; Governor of Central Bank; Chairman of Nigerian Mint; founding Chairman of AFC; and chair or member of over 25 committees. He has also been decorated with over 200 national/international awards, including variously Nigeria’s Man of the Year, Nigeria’s third highest national honour (CFR), global and African best governor of central bank, one of most influential Africans; etc. Currently, he serves as a member of Presidential Economic Advisory Council.
 Ndi Anambra, this is the time for him to serve his people. Prof. Soludo desires to give back to society through selfless public service. If employed as our Chief Servant, he will deploy all the global and national experiences and networks as well as local knowledge/experience to make us proud. As a Pan-Africanist, Soludo will work with leaders in the South East and Nigeria to create that next Nigeria that will be the pride of the black race.
WRITTEN BY COMR. OBI OCHIJE
Two Governorship Candidates Emerge From PDP Parallel Primaries In Anambra
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-28 07:15:30CategoriesState Two factions of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, held two primary elections simultaneously to produce Mr. Valentine Ozigbo and Senator Ugochukwu Uba as candidates of the party for the November 6th gubernatorial election in Anambra State.   While a faction of the party whose returning Officer is the Deputy Governor of Edo state, Comrade Philip Shaibu accredited delegates at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women’s Development Centre, another faction also held same exercise at the Paul University playground in Awka.  For the faction at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre, Awka, Mr Valentine Ozigbo polled sixty-two votes to emerge as the flag bearer of the party, while the other faction produced Senator Ugochukwu Uba as the party’s flag bearer.   At Women Development Centre, after accreditation which was done according to local government areas, a total of two hundred and eighteen  delegates were accredited.   Recall that before the election, Former Lawmaker, Mr. Tony Nwoye, Sir Emeka Etiaba, Mr. Johnny Mmaduafokwa and Chuma Nzeribe pulled out of the race citing different reasons.  At the end of the election at Women Development Centre, Obiora Okonkwo had fifty-eight votes, Senator Uche Ekwunife polled forty-four votes, Mr. Wiston Ude scored twelve votes, Engineer Chris Azubuogu had ten votes while Dr. Godwin Mmaduka was left with five votes.   Other aspirants: Mrs. Genevieve Ekwochi polled three votes, Lady Chidi Onyemelukwe had two votes, while Mr Walter Okeke had two votes.   In reaction Mr. Johnny Mmaduafokwa described the process and outcome of the election as a mess, starting from late accreditation which was witnessed by aspirants to have a determined result.  Correspondent, Chibuzor Obidike reports that three invalid votes were recorded. 
Former ABS Director Of Engineering, Emodi Buried At Obosi, Idemili North Council Area
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-06-28 07:11:48CategoriesState Every individual has two important dates in a life time, date of birth and that of demise.   For Late Engineer Kenneth Chukwumanjo Emodi, he came, saw and conquered.   Correspondent, Odinaka Nwolisa who was at the burial ceremony reports that it was a home coming for his professional colleagues, friends and associates as his remains were committed to mother Earth at his Family Compound Obosi, Idemili North Council Area.  Late KC Emodi was a retired Director of Engineering in the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, who contributed in advancing the course of the Department.   Aged Seventy-three years, the deceased was a devout Christian.   Friends, relatives, as well as members of Basilica of Saint Andrew's Anglican Church Trans-Ekulu, Nike, Enugu gathered to pay their last respect to the deceased.  In his sermon at a funeral service held in his honour at All Saint's Anglican Church Littlewood, Obosi, a retired Bishop of Nike Diocese, Right Reverend Evans Ibeagha, reminded Christians of the need to acknowledge Jesus Christ as the sure refuge in time of challenges.   Bishop Ibeagha noted that the deceased was a servant, who stood for Jesus Christ, pointed out that the Emodi family has remained a blessing to the Diocese.   Describing his life as an exemplary, worthy of emulation, the first son, Engineer Onyinyechukwu alongside First daughter Chidimma Emodi who eulogized his virtues, promised to uphold his legacies  For a former Managing Director of ABS, Sir Amobi Adirika and Mr. Amandi Odogwu, their fallen colleague was a personification of humility and embodiment of peace, whose attributes cannot be easily washed away, urging the family to toe the foot prints he left behind.   Commiserating with the family, ABS management retirees, as well as the Engineering Department in their numbers, identified with one of their own.  In his condolence message, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the ABS, Dr Uche Nwora represented by Head of Engineering, Engineer Paul Okoye, encouraged the family to be consoled that their father lived a purposeful life   Groups and in-laws took turns to pay their condolences. 
Controversy Trails APC Anambra Governorship Primary
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-28 07:08:36CategoriesState It has been cries of foul play by most stakeholders of APC in Anambra state with the reports that Dr Andy Uba has emerged winner, even when it was doubtful that any election held in the wards across the state. ABS monitoring crew led by Valentine Mbadugha reports that no sign of election materials nor officials charged with the conduct of the primary was seen at Awka ward One and Two, Nnokwa ward, Alor ward One and Two, Nnobi ward One, Adazi Ani ward one, among other wards visited. Some members of the party who gathered for the election, including the Alor Ward Two APC Chairman, Dr Mrs Ifeyinwa Anyabolu regretted that if the primary did not hold, the party will be at great disadvantage. However, the Chairman of the APC primary election panel and Governor of Ogun State, Dapo Abiodun, reportedly announced the outcome of the poll at Golden Tulip Hotel, Agulu Lake, early yesterday said Dr Uba emerged the winner with two hundred and thirty thousand, two hundred and one votes. Meanwhile, the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr Chris Ngige who is the leader of APC in the state, spoke to journalists on the telephone, asserting there was no election. Also, Chief George Moghalu, who spoke on behalf of eleven other aspirants at a press conference in Awka, said in all the three hundred and twenty six electoral wards of the state, delegates came out to vote, but none of the APC team in charge of conducting the primary and the Independent National Electoral Commission officials was seen. He appealed to the party’s leadership to come up with a fresh date for the primary to ensure that the party beat the deadline set by the Electoral Act. In another development, a statement by the Publicity Secretary of APC in Anambra State, Mr Okelo Madukaife, has dissociated APC in Anambra state from the primary election. The statement says a set of figures circulating on the internet without signature or attribution and purported to be Anambra APC primaries results do not owe to Anambra State APC Primaries. He concludes that they are looking forward to the Caretaker National Executive of the party to choose a new date within INEC timetable. 
NDLEA Seeks More Collaboration In Fight Against Illicit Drugs
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-06-28 07:06:05CategoriesState The chairman, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, retired Brigadier General Mohammed Buba-Marwa says against the popular assumption that youths are the only demography that are faced by drug abuse problem, statistics have shown that all classes of Nigerians are involved in the abuse and trafficking of drugs, which makes the problem a major source of concern.   Brigadier General Buba Marwa made the statement in Awka at an event to commemorate the 2021 United Nations Day against Drug Abuse and Trafficking organized by the NDLEA and the International Society for Substance Use Professionals, South East Chapter.   The NDLEA Chief Executive Officer noted that the enormity of the dangers of drug abuse and trafficking calls for urgent and collaborative actions to nip this societal cankerworm in the bud.   The NDLEA Chairman, represented by the Anambra State Commander of the agency, Mr. Mohammed Idris, revealed that the agency has thrown its doors open for all types of partnerships in the fight against abuse of illicit substances.   He said the agency has also set up a special purpose committee intended at involving more stakeholders and encouraging more collaboration with non-state actors in ensuring that the drug abuse problem is totally decimated.   Delivering a lecture on the topic, "Take evidenced based action to save lives", the South East Coordinator, International Society for Substance Use Professional, ISSUP, Professor Micheal Ezenwa condemned the practice where educational institutions rusticate students, who are drug dependent instead of helping them to get rehabilitated.   While stating that this policy instead of ending the drug problem will rather increase stigmatization and push such persons more into drug use, the University don, a clinical psychologist with the department of Psychology, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, said educational institutions should become more engaged in finding help for their students or members of staff found abusing drug or have become drug dependent. 
Beneficiary Of Victor Umeh Education Fund  Juliana Umeh Makes Distinctions  In Internal Medicine And Surgery At University Of Port Harcourt
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-28 07:03:36CategoriesState For the first time in the Medical School of the University of Port Harcourt, Rivers State DISTINCTIONS were recorded in Internal Medicine and Surgery and both were recorded by  Eti Nanka Orumba North, Anambra Born, Dr Juliana Umeh, a beneficiary of Victor Umeh Education Foundation, VUMEF. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that speaking while dedicating her award to honour the Founder of VUMEF, Senator Victor Umeh, Dr Juliana Umeh told her sad story of how she could have dropped out school following her father's demise on 17th November 2017, thanks to Senator Umeh who came to her rescue and she graduated with the best results.  Dr Juliana Umeh who was speaking to other beneficiaries of VUMEF on the occasion of fund disbursement for 2020/2021 academic year, encouraged fellow beneficiaries to be at their best saying that the best way to appreciate their benefactor is to put up  an outstanding and excellent performance. On his part, the VUMEF founder, Senator Victor Umeh expressed overwhelming joy noting that such news and feedback keeps him strong and spur him to do more.  He urged the beneficiaries to keep doing the society proud and appreciates those that has been contributing towards the success of the foundation including his wife Lady Prisca Umeh and the Chairman of VUMEF Board, Reverend Father Peter Uzoezie among others.  Dr Nene Anuku from Nteje, Oyi Local Government Area whom the foundation trained up to PhD level and Miss Okeke who graduated from Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University and currently plays for Nigeria Women's National Team, represented by her sister Miss Nkiruka Okeke also appreciated the founder for his love and support. 
35th ADWOC Holds At St. Mark's Anglican Church, Aguluzigbo, Anaocha Council Area
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-28 06:57:43CategoriesState The thirty-fifth Awka Diocesan Women's Conference, ADWOC, holding at Saint Mark's Anglican Church Aguluzigbo, Anaocha Council Area has called on women to pay more attention to the responsibilities of motherhood and child upbringing. The conference, which is also the first Women's Guild Conference of the diocese, has its theme as ' The Name of The Lord Is a Strong Tower'.  Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that the wife of the governor of Anambra State, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano, represented by the former chairman of the Post Primary Schools Service Commission, Lady Joy Ulasi, the Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, top government officials, Knights and Ladies of the church graced the conference. Also, delegates from all the archdeaconries of the diocese and beyond including Bishops' wives, who came to felicitate with the host and President, Mothers' Union, Women's Guild and Girls' Guild, Mrs. Chioma Ibezim, wife of the Archbishop, Province of The Niger and Bishop of Awka Diocese, the Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim.  In a sermon to mark the Awka Diocesan Women's Conference service, the Most Reverend Ibezim described the theme of the conference as captivating and encouraged women to look up to God, whom he said, is their fortress. Most Reverend Ibezim advised the women to go back and pray, re-examine their lives, train their wards in the virtues of Christian faith and never belittle God's gifts in their lives rather join hands and work out their salvation. Addressing the women, the Governor's wife, Dr. Obiano charged the women to step up their prayer life as the society is facing turmoil emphasizing that it is only a dedicated woman, who deep self and family in prayers can overcome.  On her part, Mrs. Ibezim challenged the women to live up to the theme of the conference by working out their salvation and making God their strong tower. Also speaking, Lady Ndidi, who read the first lesson, noted that the yearly conference has help to reposition the women and expose them to the best way of maintaining good Christian life . The service featured launching of the Christian Family Magazine, presentation of ninety-nine years profile mother, Ezinne Hannah Adogu, cutting of ADWOC cake and special renditions among others. 
Commentary: Kenneth Kaunda - The End Of A Glorious Era
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-27 08:25:49CategoriesColumnist The world received with utter shock and sadness on Thursday, June 17, 2021, news of the sudden demise of the foremost liberation crusader, Pan Africanist and the founding father of modern Zambia, Dr. Kenneth Kaunda, popularly called KK. Dr. Kaunda died at the ripe age of 97 in a military hospital in Lusaka, after suffering from acute pneumonia.
The late Kenneth Kaunda, son of a Malawian immigrant, began his political career as a freedom fighter in the then British Colonial territory of the defunct Northern Rhodesia along with his fellow nationalists and freedom fighters.
As the liberation struggles were then raging in Southern Rhodesia and championed by the nationalist leaders and freedom fighters, led by the legendary Joshua Nkomo, along with his comrades in arms, including Robert Mugabe, all of blessed memory, the Northern Rhodesian liberation struggles, led by the indomitable Kenneth Kaunda, was equally raging and gaining momentum, which later culminated in the granting of independence by  the erstwhile British Colonial powers in 1964 to the former Northern Rhodesia, now Zambia, under the leadership of the charismatic Kenneth Kaunda as her founding father and the first President of the Country.
The late former Zambian President, Kenneth Kaunda, will certainly be remembered for his vision for the liberation and emancipation of the African Continent and had contributed immensely towards the liberation of the countries that were still under the yoke of colonialism.
He also played pivotal role in the eradication of HIV and AIDS pandemic in the continent, even after leaving office as President of Zambia. Late Dr. Kaunda was fond of waving a white handkerchief as a symbol of peace and love for humanity.
It would be recalled also that the doyen of African liberation and nationalism, Dr. Kaunda, clearly demonstrated his sense of pragmatism as he was one of the few African leaders that accorded diplomatic recognition to the defunct Republic of Biafra during the Nigerian Civil war, even as he then followed in the footsteps of the legendary late President Julius Nyerere of Tanzania and late President Felix Hauphouet-Boigny of Ivory Coast among others in according diplomatic recognition to the defunct Republic of Biafra.
Late Dr. Kaunda’s political influence stretched beyond the frontiers of his own country down to South Africa and Namibia that were still under the yoke of colonialism and repression by the erstwhile racist white minority regimes with obnoxious apartheid laws and policies aimed at enslaving and subjugating black African majority inhabitants.
Late Dr. Kaunda, therefore, contributed in no small measures towards the eventual liberation and freedom of the black African majority inhabitants in South Africa as well as in Namibia, formally known as South West Africa and which are today enjoying total freedom and independence.
The departed foremost nationalist and humanist, Kaunda, was the last in the generation of true African Patriots that scarified their life time in the struggles for the freedom, human dignity and emancipation of their people from the shackles of colonialism and imperialism.
The present generation of African leaders and, indeed, the entire black race across the globe should emulate the shining example of all the departed African nationalists and freedom fighters and make the African continent a better place where peace, love, justice, unity and progress should always be the watch word in all their policies and actions.
Zambian government declared three weeks of national mourning for the departed nationalist and political icon, Dr. Kaunda Kenneth (KK). African leaders are enjoined to follow in the footsteps of the Zambian government and equally declare a period of national mourning in solidarity with the people of Zambia in honour of the departed great Pan African nationalist and liberator.
May God Almighty grant his soul eternal rest in heaven Amen!
WRITTEN BY NZE NWABUEZE AKABOGU 
NDLEA Honours Obiano With Award  For Support In Fight Against Drug Abuse, Trafficking
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-06-27 08:22:53CategoriesState The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, Anambra State Command has honoured Governor Willie Obiano for his support to the agency in its fight against drug abuse and trafficking in the state. The Command presented the award at the 2021 commemoration of United Nations Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, held at Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka. Presenting the award, the state commander, NDLEA, Mr. Mohammed Idris said the problem of drug abuse and crime is one concern that Governor Obiano takes seriously and commended him for the political and logistics support that the agency receives from the state government. Receiving the award, Governor Obiano assured that Anambra State Government will ensure that an international standard rehabilitation center for drug dependent persons will kick off in the state before the end of next year. The governor, represented by the commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala also revealed that plans are in place to ensure better regulation and control of patent medicine dealers to prevent them from dispensing controlled drugs. The chairman on the occasion, Igwe Alex Onyido, of Ogidi, Idemili North Local Government Area asked Anambra State Government to set up a full-fledged agency that will be saddled with sensitization against drugs and substance abuse and increase budgetary allocations made to the prevention and treatment of drug abuse and trafficking, saying it will go a long way to reduce the spate of crime and criminality in the state. Earlier, the Vice Chancellor, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Charles Esimone represented by his deputy in charge of academics, Professor Fredrick Odibo, said the need to reduce illicit drug demand is more important at this time that Nigeria is faced with a lot of criminal activities stating that there is a very clear link between drug abuse and crime. The United Nations Day against Drug abuse and Trafficking otherwise known as World Drug Free Day is marked every June twenty-sixth and was set aside to create awareness against the dangers of drug and substance abuse. The Theme for this year is "Share Drug Facts, Save Lives." The event held in collaboration with the International Society of Substance Use Professionals was also used to present prizes to winners of the NDLEA-Lady Victoria Onyido Quiz Competition for all Secondary Schools in the state won by Community Secondary School, Obeledu, Anaocha Local Government Area. Maria Regina Model Comprehensive Secondary School Nnewi came second while Eastern Academy Onitsha came third. 
NBA, PSN  Visit Anambra International Airport, Laud Quality Of Project
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-27 08:20:43CategoriesState The actualization of  Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri  with potential  to significantly add value to the socio-economic landscape of Anambra state and the South East region, has been attributed to Governor Willie Obiano's ingenuity and zeal for positive transformation of the state. According to members of Nigeria Bar Association and Pharmacitical Society of Nigeria, among others who accompanied the governor on his usual inspection visit to the airport, the project will boost   international trade prospects  of the South East to enviable height.  Speaking shortly after the inspection at his country home in Aguleri, Governor Obiano said that the beauty of the airport project is such that Anambra can now host National and International events including  Bar conferences, just as he called on pharmists to make concerted efforts to flush out quacks in their profession. Speaking on the components of the project, the Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor recalled that they mobilized to site in January of 2020, pointing out that it is a category 4F airport which means  that any airplane can land on it.  While stating that the runway is the second longest runway after Murtala Mohammed Airport, Lagos, Commissioner Ifejiofor noted that airplane can land on either sides of the runway, adding  that all the lighting and instrument landing system which are category 2 have being paid for, just as he revealed that work on the entire project is above ninety percent complete. In their separate remarks , Chairman Committee of Chairmen of NBA, Kingsley Akuka, Chairman, Pharmaceutical Association of Nigeria, Anambra State, Josephat Obasi and Deputy Commander General Operations, Mohammed Haruna who were also part of the inspection visit expressed admiration for the project and prayed that the governor would finish strong.  For APGA's flag bearer at the November 6th gubernatorial election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, the airport is a game changer for the economy of the state and a promise kept, stressing that to be an International city, there is need for the state to be able to be accessed through land, sea and air.  Also speaking, Chief Thankgod Ibe and Sir Damian Okolo commended the leadership qualities of the governor, asking other governors to emulate him. Some traditional rulers and the clergy and women groups accompanied the governor for the inspection visit. After a visit to the airport and the sight of visible developments springing up alongside the project, every  individual especially those in whose immediate neighbourhood the project domiciles, should be eagerly awaiting the successful take off of the facility. The airport project is laudable, and Ndi-Anambra, especially Umueri people given their enterprising and entrepreneurial disposition with a strong bias to trade and commerce, cannot wait to see the take off of an International Cargo and Passenger Airport on their soil. 
Mrs Obiano Leads Anambra Women To Prayer Session Against Insecurity
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-27 08:16:35CategoriesState Wife of the governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano has lead Anambra women to a prayer session to seek peace against the rising security threats in Nigeria. The prayers are coming after the wife of Nigeria's President, Mrs. Aisha Buhari directed members of the Nigerian Governor's Wives' Forum, NGWF, to hold special prayers sessions against the mounting security issues in different parts of the country, especially in the South- east.  Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe reports that in different tongues, yet the same intention, the women prayed, seeking heaven's intervention in the daunting security challenges  that are  threatening the peaceful existence of Nigeria. Other prayer intentions raised during the hour-long session included peaceful Anambra State, a violent-free governorship election on November sixth, blessings and God's protection in different families. Speaking shortly after the prayer, Dr. Mrs. Obiano said it had become very urgent to seek God's face and intervention with regards to a plethora of issues confronting Nigeria, insisting that the time has come to embrace unity, peace and collective existence in the country. According to her, she believed that God had answered their prayer, appealing to mothers to ensure that their families are secured by checking on the activities of their children and partners. Earlier, the Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, said that by prioritizing the event, Dr. Mrs. Obiano has shown that she is a mother, who is troubled when her family is going through setbacks.  Lady Ndidi also said that the prayer was intended to heal the wounds of nation in distress, expressing confidence that it would go far in getting results. Wife of the APGA standard bearer in the November sixth governorship election in Anambra State, Mrs. Nonye Soludo joined the governor's wife in the prayer.  Women groups in Anambra State, from the religious, cultural, social and political were also invited for the crucial programme. 
More Stakeholders Extol APGA Primary Election
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-27 08:11:55CategoriesState More stakeholders have continued to commend the peaceful and credible conduct of APGA Primary Election which produced Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the Party's Flag bearer in the November six Anambra Governorship election. The State Vice Chairman of APGA Sir Theophine Nnoli said the free and fair primary election is another testimony of strong internal democracy within the party. Paul Ezeoke  reports that Sir Theophine noted that the Party's Free and transparent primary election should be emulated by other political parties, to reduce rancour and acrimony in the political system as well as restore people's confidence and trust in party politics. He said emergence of Professor Soludo as the candidate of APGA holds a lot of promises and bright prospects for the people of the state and southeast zone as he has the knowledge, experience and international connection to accelerate development in all sectors and reposition the state to meet the demands of the twenty first century. Sir Theophine urged APGA members to forge a united front and go to the election as a family to record another landslide victory and called on INEC to start early preparation to deliver credible and transparent election. Also speaking, an APGA Chieftain, Dr Mike Omunugha said Professor Soludo has the potential and is well equipped to redefine good governance and elevate the state to enviable pedestal by consolidating on achievements of Governor Obiano . Dr Omunugha observed that the Governor's legacy projects including the international Airport Umueri, Conference Centre Awka and the stadium project will have multiplier effects on the life of present and future generation through employment creation, income generation and expanding export capacity, while the hospitality industry and tourist sector would continue to record steady growth . He enjoined the political class to demonstrate sense of responsibility and maturity in pursuit of their aspirations and cautioned youths against being willing tools in the hands of desperate individuals who may want to use them for political violence. 
Obiano Asks Nigerians To Support Govt Fight Against Insecurity
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-27 08:08:06CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has called for collective efforts towards actualization of ideal security and development in Anambra State and Nigeria at large.   Governor Obiano made the call at Saint Joseph's Catholic Church Aguleri in Anambra East Local Government during a funeral mass for late Mrs Margaret Ozoemena Ivenso who died at the age of seventy-eight.  Our Government House Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that Governor Obiano who was represented by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke noted that  government alone cannot in isolation, achieve the desired adequate security of life and property presently needed in the country, hence the need for the citizens  to assist  by reporting suspected persons or movements in their areas to appropriate authorities for immediate action.   The Governor also reminded religious bodies in the state to continue to support his administration with their prayers.  Earlier in a sermon, Reverend Father John Alaefuna reminded Christians that there is life after death, and urged them to always live a righteous life in order to inherit the kingdom of God.  The mass was officiated by the Auxiliary Bishop of Onitsha Archdiocese, Most Reverend Denis Isiuzo. 
Mrs Catherine Anaenugwu Laid To Rest At Enugwu-Ukwu Njikoka Council Area
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2021-06-27 08:05:11CategoriesState The remains of the late Mrs. Catherine Anaenugwu have been laid to rest at Enugu- ukwu in Njikoka Local Government Area. The late Mrs Catherine Anaenugwu who died at the age of seventy two was the mother of the Director of Finance, Anambra Broadcasting Service, Mrs Nneka Ogbuonwu.  The funeral ceremony was well attended by the Anambra Broadcasting Service family, illustrious sons and daughters of the community, friends and well-wishers who came to pay their last respect to the deceased. During a requiem mass at Saint Anthony's Catholic Church Enugu-Ukwu, the parish priest, Reverend Father Everest Ezekwonna noted that the deceased was a woman who worked in faith as a good Christian urging Christians to live a righteous life and avoid procrastinating their repentance. Leading the ABS management and members of staff, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, of the establishment, Dr Uche Nworah, commiserated with the family and advised them to imbibe the good footstep of their mother.  The Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr Emeka Ozumba, he noted the inevitability of death saying that the late Mrs Catherine left a sublime legacy which was inherited by her daughter Mrs Ogbuonwu. Her first son Mr Hillary Anaenugwu and first daughter Mrs Nneka Ogbuonwu described their mother as a virtuous, caring and humble woman who sought God in everything, saying that they will surely miss her. They thanked all who came to condole with them in their moment of grief, praying God to see to their individual heart desires. Correspondent Onyinye Agubueze who covered the ceremony reports that internment, condolences and dance displays featured at the funeral. 
Commentary: Anambra Achievers Legacy Award
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-26 07:21:34CategoriesColumnist Anambra Achievers Legacy Award (Akululu Ulo Amaka-2021) is organized as part of the activities to commemorate the New Anambra State at 30. It is celebrating thirty exceptional achievers who have invested heavily in the state by building roads, awarding of scholarships, rural electrification, building of factories and industries, which provided job opportunities to our youths and increased the revenue profile of the state.
Old Anambra State was created in 1976 from the defunct East Central State, and its capital was Enugu. On August 27, 1991, it was further divided into two, the New Anambra and Enugu States. This year, Anambra shall clock thirty.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award is a quadrennial event and private sector initiative that seeks to immortalize the indelible achievements of indigenous Ndi Anambra and honour prestigious individuals; the ‘first eleven' in their various fields. They are individuals who have greatly impacted on the lives of the people through their programs and projects with preponderance of evidence on ground to show for it.
They are individuals and professionals who have distinguished themselves in their chosen careers and sacrificed it for the general development of Anambra State in particular and humanity in general.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award, also called ANALEG Award, is a home-driven and delivery investment organization, in collaboration with Nigeria-Overseas Communications, empowered in line with the "Igbo Think Home Philosophy of Ndigbo Nalue Uno and Build a Home", to promote good societal values and right ideals that characterize our people - the Igbo race.
Anambra Achievers Legacy Award was conceptualized to honour Ndi Anambra of proven integrity, hard work, dedication, industry, people who have set up industries and business empires. For the sustainability of Akululu Uno Amaka Philosophy, Anambra Achievers Legacy has urged the South-East governors to key into the "Igbo Think home Philosophy Initiative", which encourages Ndi Igbo to bring back their investments to the region.
Anambra Achievers Legacy ensures that government/communities provide necessary incentives such as land at highly subsidized rate or customary grant for the building of factories, public and private establishments within a time frame. This would encourage massive investments that would aggressively transform the region to economic and power house of the nation.
As the issue of security is very vital to economic development and its sustainability, Anambra Achievers Legacy will not relent in its efforts in ensuring that policies and strategies that would enhance security are put in place so that lives and properties of the people are guaranteed for continued economic development and sustainability.
The event will be chaired by Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former Governor of Anambra State Special guests of honour are the governors of Anambra, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo, Abia, Rivers and Delta State, with all distinguished Senators, members of House of Representatives, Speaker and members of Anambra State House of Assembly, and their predecessors in office.
The Patrons/Fathers (National Advisory Council Members) of the Anambra Achievers Legacy are: Chief Mbazuruike Amechi, (Dara Akunwafor; the Boy Is Good); Honourble Justice Anthony Iguh (CON) Former Justice of the Supreme Court; Hon. Justice G.U. Ononiba (OON) former Chief Judge of Anambra State; Chief Simon Okeke (former Chairman, Police Service Commission), among others.
Finally, Anambra Achievers Legacy cannot forget our past heroes to honour them for their contributions to the development of Anambra state in particular, and Igbos in general.
ALWAYS JOIN ANAMBRA ACHIEVERS LEGACY (AKULULU UNO AMAKA 2021) TO CELEBRATE "eminent Ndi Anambra," individuals of noble cause - who are exceptionally reliable and dependable, that have distinguished themselves in their chosen disciplines and fields of endeavour. The critical thinkers on nation building! The pride of the state and the Igbo nation!! Ndi Anambra "1st Eleven" among equals in developmental strides!  Sponsors needed.
WRITTEN BY EMMA IFEADIKE 
Anambra Governorship Election: INEC Disowns Report On Threat Of Exclusion Against APGA
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-26 07:18:32CategoriesPolitics State The Independent National Electoral Commission INEC says it recognizes Dr Victor Oye and Mr Labaran Maku as National Chairman and Secretary of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA. The National Commissioner of INEC in charge of Information and Voter Education Mr Festus Okoye stated this in a Television programme which also featured a one time National Chairman of APGA and immediate past Senator representing Anambra Central at the National Assembly Chief Victor Umeh. According to INEC Commissioner, the commission has never at any time said that APGA will not participate in November sixth Anambra State governorship election and was not stated in any of its letters. For Chief Victor Umeh who also participated in the programme APGA published its intension to conduct delegates election on the fifteenth of this Month on two National dailies on the twenty-first April according to electoral law. Chief Umeh who described INEC as a public institution called on the commission to withdraw its mysterious and misconstrued letter and re-write-it urging the Commission not to lay a foundation for mischief. According to Chief Umeh none of the four aspirants from APGA approached INEC and wondered why the commission wrote such a letter which has gone viral and created panic to the public. Chief Umeh cited the Supreme Court judgment of eight January 2016 on a matter between Shinkafi and Yari which said that political parties must not write INEC before conducting delegates election. Recall that a mainstream Newspaper three days ago claimed that APGA will be disqualified  from the forthcoming governorship election in Anambra State because according to the Tabloid  the party did not notify INEC of the special ward congress it held on June fifteenth to choose the delegates for the primary election. 
ASWAMA Embarks On Intensive Evacuation Of Refuse In Awka, Onitsha, Others
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-06-26 07:17:10CategoriesState The Anambra State Waste Management Authority ASWAMA has embarked on massive and intensive evacuation of refuse in Awka, Onitsha and other parts of the State. In Awka, the exercise covers among other areas, Ring Road - Nibo - Nise - Agulu axis, Amaenyi, Ichide, Okpuno, Ifite Road among others where pay loaders and tipper lorries were seen loading and carting away refuse. Our man Paul Ezeoke reports that the Managing Director of ASWAMA Mr Amechi Akorah said the exercise which commenced last week is a statewide intervention through the Ministry of the Local Government and was also going on in parts of the commercial city of Onitsha and other parts of the State. Mr Akorah said the Authority also fumigate all dump sites after evacuation of waste to prevent infections.  He explained that the buildup was as a result of system breakdown caused by heavy rain that resulted to heavy flooding at the dump site which could not allow the bulldozer used for pushing the waste to go beyond the pool of water. According to the Managing Director, this slowed down the pace, tempo and frequency of waste disposal as ASWAMA workers had to go to Nkwelle Ezunaka in Oyi Local Government  Area to dispose refuse collected from Awka and expressed satisfaction that the state government through the Ministry of Works created outlets for the flood and fixed the dump site. Mr Akorah reassured that after the ongoing intervention, ASWAWA will continue with the daily collection and disposal of waste from various points and reminded the residents of the need to avoid indiscriminate dumping of refuse as well as the need for proper bagging of refuse before disposal.  Also speaking, some residents at Amaenyi including Mr Ifeanyi Çhukwuemeka commended ASWAWA for embarking on the exercise and urged residents of the area to assist government to keep the environment clean by disposing their waste properly at designated points. 
ASATU Asks Political Parties To Emulate APGA In Conduct Of Free , Fair, Peaceful Election
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-26 07:12:32CategoriesState The Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU, has asked other political parties in Anambra State who are yet to conduct their primary for the November sixth gubernatorial election to emulate the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA by conducting a hitch and rancor free election to sustain the peace in the State. The association also congratulated the former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Professor Chukwuma Soludo for emerging the candidate of APGA in the peaceful process. In a statement signed by the National President of ASATU, Chief Titus Akpudo, the association said the peaceful conduct of the APGA gubernatorial primary is a testimony to the commitment of the party to the progress of the State. The association asked other political parties to see the election as one that should be for the overall interest of Ndi Anambra and avoid activities that will not allow for the emergence of the best person in November sixth governorship election. Anambra State Association of Town Unions, said it looked forward to a free, fair, and credible election come November sixth and commended all the political parties that has produced a candidate through a peaceful process. It thanked Governor Willie Obiano for all his developmental strides in Anambra State and prayed God to continue to grant him the grace, good health, and to continue to deliver on good governance of the State. 
ABS Gives Succour To Indigent Single Mother In Awka
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-26 07:10:36CategoriesState As part of its Social responsibilities , the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, through one of its radio programmes “Sharing Life Issues” has given support to a helpless single mother with twins. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah made the presentation at the station's corporate headquarters, in Awka. The single mother, Esther Anaeche, aged twenty-two, from Ebonyi State but resident in Umunze, Orumba South Local Government Area was impregnated by a labourer who was also resident in the same area. According to her the said labourer asked her to choose between feeding herself and the babies when she have them and aborting them,  adding that she chose the later and had to drop out of school to take care of the babies. Presenting cash gift and baby items to the single mother, Dr. Nworah who spoke through the anchor of the Programme, Mr. Okechukwu Ojiako  explained that ABS having heard the story of the girl decided to assist her with some token as a way of lending a helping hand. He pointed out that the girl's determination to keep the pregnancy showed that she has the fear of God and respect for human life. In an appreciation, Miss Anaeche appealed to well-meaning individuals to assist her as she has no source of income. Contributing, Mrs. Azuka Okoli said that constant cry and starving of the kids have become a source of concern to the neighborhood thus the need for reaching out to the station to help in ensuring that the children are well fed to avoid malnutrition. 
Anambra Chapter Of  Association Of Nigerian Women In Sports Inaugurated In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-26 07:08:35CategoriesSport State The Anambra State Chapter of the Association of Nigerian Women in Sports has been inaugurated, with a call for increased support to women Athletes. The inaugural ceremony, which took place at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, featured presentation of Awards to notable personalities for their contributions in sports development.  The National President of the association Professor Bola Adeyanju, who explained that the association, intends to promote gender equity, stimulate interest, encourage, mobilize and increase women participation in sports in Nigeria, commended the Anambra State Government for various achievements in sports development, urging Government at different levels, as well as communities in the State to encourage and treat women with equality in sports.  The First Vice President of the association, Professor Oby Okonkwo and the Anambra State Co-ordinator of the association, Mrs Faith Okwonna, commended the national leadership of the association for the vision and ingenuity put in to develop and deliver equitable opportunities for women in Nigeria, in addition to overcoming negative attitudes, which she observed, hinder the participation and achievement of Nigerian women in sports. They commended the Chairman of Anambra State Sports Development Commission, Chief Tony Oli, for being supportive of female sports athletes who represented the State at various national and international sports engagements, calling for more support.  The Chairman of the inaugural ceremony and Dean Faculty of Management Sciences, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Lilian Orogbu, who observed decline in sports development in Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Educational Institution, called for sustained efforts in reversing the trend. In his remark, the Chairman of Anambra State Sports Development Commission, Chief Tony Oli, assured that the State Government will continue to give equal opportunities for the development of sports men and women, urging the association to sustain its drive for young athletes. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that Ex-Nigeria International, Maureen Mmadu, Chief Kingsley Uduh and Mrs Ify Obi of the UNIZIK FM were among the award recipients at the event. 
Buhari Postpones London Trip
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-26 07:03:49CategoriesNigeria President Muhammadu Buhari has postponed his scheduled trip to London, the United Kingdom for a medical follow-up visit. In a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr. Femi Adesina, the medical follow-up visit of President Muhammadu Buhari to United Kingdom earlier scheduled for yesterday, has been postponed and the Presidency would subsequently announce a new date for the scheduled trip. It would be recalled that President Buhari informed Nigerians, via a statement, about his plan to leave the country yesterday, for a scheduled medical follow-up. The President had left the country for a medical check-up in London earlier in the year, between March thirtieth and April sixteenth, 2021. 
Stakeholders Happy With Emergence Of Soludo As APGA Guber Flagbearer
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-26 07:02:05CategoriesState The emergence of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the flag bearer of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, for the November 6th governorship election in Anambra State did not come as a surprise to most political observers.   Professor Soludo, a former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, garnered seven hundred and forty votes out of seven hundred and ninety-two votes cast at the APGA primary election to emerge victorious.   It is this overwhelming nature of Soludo's victory that most observers say, remains a major scare for other candidates who would be vying in the governorship election.   When the rains depart and winter sets in, Ndị Anambra would anticipate a new number one citizen having enjoyed eight years of Governor Willie Obiano's administrative excellence.   At the just-held primary election of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, many insisted that a choice other than Professor Chukwuma Soludo would take Anambra State to the political Stone Age.   The renowned economist and former teacher of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, won the delegates' votes by eighty-four percent, defeating three other contestants to lay hands on the opportunity that eluded him in 2014 and 2017.   Lending his voice to the conversation, the Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uchenna Okafor, said that Professor Soludo represents uniqueness, a symbol that APGA as a political party has modeled for close to two decades.   On what the primary election meant for the future of the party, the member representing Njikoka Two Constituency at the Anambra State House of Assembly, Sir Pete Ibida and the Managing Director of Anambra State Signage and Advertisement Agency, Chief Jude Emecheta, said that APGA is more of family than political movement, noting that the orderliness and peaceful nature of the primary election is a hallmark of fraternal love that exists in the party.   For the Director General of Youth Mobilization, Technology and Innovation, Anambra State, Mr Emeka Okonkwo and the Convener of Youths Earnestly Seek Soludo, Dr Nelson Omenugha, with Professor Soludo as Governor, Anambra youths have secured a guaranteed future, stating that active mobilization of the youths has already been arranged to ensure that he emerges victorious in the November election. 
COOUTH To Commence Dialysis Services
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-06-26 06:58:31CategoriesState The Management of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku Awka, says it will commence dialysis of patients with kidney problems in no distant time for the benefit of the state.   The Chief Medical Director of the Hospital, Dr. Joe Akabuike disclosed this when the Anambra State House of Assembly committee on Health, paid a familiarization visit to the management.   House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim was there and  reports that according to Dr. Akabuike, the dialysis building has been completed, while the equipment, nephrologists and nurses that will work there are also ready.  He explained that the aim of the project is to make the teaching hospital a centre of excellence, in line with the vision of Governor Willie Obiano for the state.   Dr. Akabuike also highlighted the vision, mission, challenges and overall progress of the hospital and urged the committee to join hands with them to make the place a world class teaching hospital.   Responding, the Chairman of the committee, Dr. Nnamdi Umeh commended the developmental strides of the hospital and the harmonious working relationship that exists between the management and its staff.   The legislator encouraged them to keep up the good work  and pledged its readiness to work with them when called upon.  Later, the CMD and other management staff took the committee members to the Consultancy Lounge, Dialysis Centre, Radiology Unit and various wards in the hospital for inspection. 
Mrs Obiano Commends FG On Initiative To Train, Empower 45 Indigent Anambra Women Through NCWD
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-26 06:55:51CategoriesState Wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFÉ, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano has described as commendable, the gesture by the federal government, through the National Centre for Women Development, NCWD, to train and empower forty-five indigent Anambra women with cash and equipment to start different vocations.   The forty-five women were randomly selected by the federal government under the COVID-19 Empowerment Programme of the Federal Ministry of Women Affairs, the ministry under which the NCWD operates.  Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that the beneficiaries had undergone a five-day training on catering, fashion and design.   In her address, Dr Obiano said that the federal government's programme coincides with the foundational roadmaps of her NGO, CAFE, insisting that she is counting on the beneficiaries to break entrepreneurial grounds with the equipment and capital that they had been given.   The governor's wife who was represented by the CAFE Project Manager and Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor of Anambra State, Mr Emeka Ozumba, commended the Director General of NCWD for bringing the programme to Anambra State, stating that its focus on  indigent women was the first step to success.  On her part, the Director General of the National Centre for Women Development, Dr Asabe Bashir, represented by a Deputy Director in the parastatal and team leader for Anambra State, Mr Azubike Ogu, said the National Centre for Women Development, as Nigeria's only apex institution that looks into issues concerning women, has worked with different national and international organizations to train women in vocational skills, information and communication technology, as well as other skill-based areas to help them achieve self-reliance and check poverty growth.     Dr Bashir also commended Dr Obiano for setting a socio-economic standard through her charity organization, noting that it has helped further the objectives of the NCWD.  On her part, the Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs Lady Ndidi Mezue, charged the women to see the opportunity as a rare privilege to secure a better future for themselves and their immediate society.   Some beneficiaries, including Calista Nwachukwu, Chinyere Obalim from Oyi Local Government Area and Chinasa Obiora from Awka South, commended the governor's wife for bringing the initiative to Anambra State, promising that they would use the benefits to make a difference.   Aside the forty-five beneficiaries, eighty-four other women were also given start-up capital to go into their choice vocations.   The first batch of the COVID-19 Empowerment Programme of the National Centre for Women Development is implemented across eighteen states in Nigeria and targets hundred million persons.   
Obiano Optimistic Of APGA Victory In Anambra Governorship Election
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-06-26 06:50:56CategoriesPolitics State Governor Willie Obiano says the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, will win the November sixth 2021 gubernatorial election in the state with a greater margin in each of the twenty-one local government areas than it did in the November seventeen 2018 polls which returned the party to office.   Governor Obiano, who communicated this enthusiasm in a letter to APGA members and leaders, congratulated them on the successful congress in the state which produced the party’s flag bearer for the election.   In the letter released to newsmen in Awka by the State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C. Don Adinuba, Governor Obiano speaks highly of the former Central Bank governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, who scored ninety-three-point four percent of the almost eight hundred valid votes cast at the congress.   Governor Obiano, who is both the leader of the party and its Board of Trustees chairman, said that the choice of Professor Soludo could not have been better.   According to the Governor, Professor Soludo is an excellent brand, and a globally recognized economist who was one of the few global thought leaders around the world invited by the United Nations to help reform the world economic system following the 2008 global recession.   He recalled that Soludo, became a full professor at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, in his thirties and is currently leading the Anambra Vision 2070 Committee which is fashioning out a strategy for Anambra’s emergence as a fully developed economy in the next fifty years.   The governor dismissed recent media reports speculating that APGA could be disqualified from the November sixth governorship election, saying that the reports were planted in strategic places in top newspapers just to weaken APGA, and prevent it from participating in the election.   The Governor said that it is not possible to exclude APGA because the party acts in conformity with the law and judicial pronouncements, adding that there is no propaganda party  opponents did not use in the effort to stop him, including allegations that the first family of Anambra state was against Soludo.   Chief Obiano appealed to APGA members, especially the defeated gubernatorial aspirants, to remain committed to the party’s unity, to enable them win the gubernatorial election with over ninety-three percent, as APGA has become a mass movement amongst Ndi Anambra.   He expressed hope that Professor Soludo will do far better than all previous governors of Anambra State, including himself. 
FG,/IFAD VCDP Distribute N697M Worth Of Farm Inputs To Farmers
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-06-25 07:41:14CategoriesState A total of six hundred and ninety-seven million naira worth of farm inputs is currently being disbursed to farmers by the Federal Government of Nigeria/IFAD VCDP across the nine participating states in Nigeria.   The National Programme Coordinator, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Garba Bala disclosed this while monitoring the disbursement of the farm inputs in Anambra State.   Correspondent, Ebere Ezeh reports that. Mr. Bala, represented by the Agricultural adviser to the Federal Government/IFAD VCDP, Dr. Chyka Unamma, applauded Anambra State for being the first to commence inputs disbursement for 2021 wet season farming even as he charged beneficiaries to aim at achieving ten tons of rice paddy and forty tones of cassava per hectare, as it is achievable.  He declared their readiness to adopt Governor Willie Obiano’s model of farmers and herders conflict resolution committee at the National level.   The Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba represented by the desk officer, Ugbo-azu-uno in the Ministry, Mrs. Juliana Edochie appreciated the FGN/IFAD VCDP for its assistance and urged the beneficiaries to put the inputs into good use to achieve the State’s blue print on agriculture.   The state Programme Coordinator, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Nnamdi Agwuncha, who explained that the disbursement was aimed at making sure that farmersuse  improved inputs and quality agro-chemicals to achieve the state’s target of ten and forty tones per hectare of rice and cassava respectively, affirmed that about fifty-six million naira worth of farm inputs and agro-chemicals will be disbursed to benefiting farmers in Anambra State.  Mr. Agwuncha while assuring the resuscitation of Anambra State farmers/herders conflict resolution committee, warned that any farmer or agro dealer cut in sharp practices with the inputs would be black listed.   In their separate contributions, some of the agro dealers, including Chief Emma Obi and Mrs. Ifeyinwa Ezeokana, for Awka North and Orumba South council farmers respectively, assured continued supply of quality inputs and commended Governor Obiano for attracting such a laudable programme.   Some of the beneficiaries, including Mr. Okwuchukwu Nnedenu from Awka North and his Orumba South local government area counterpart, Mrs. Ngozi Muoneme, whose joy new no bounds, vowed to make the state proud through judicious use of the inputs to achieve food security.   The event climaxed with the proper handover of the inputs to the beneficiaries. 
APGA Stakeholders Dismiss Social Media Report On Party Primary Delegate List
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-25 07:36:02CategoriesPolitics State The presence of officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC  at yesterday's primary of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA in Awka seems to have put to rest stories in some quarters that the Commission might not honour the outcome of the primary election. Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana who sampled the opinion of some stakeholders reports that officials of INEC commenced monitoring the process from the Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, where the accreditation took place, ahead of the primary election. The officials who were five in number; two from the INEC headquarters in Abuja and three from  Anambra office, later ended up at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women's Development Center in Awka where the election took place.  The INEC officials include, Musa Husunu, Priscilla Ezeigwe, Ibe U. Ibe, Nkeiru Gibson and Millicent Izuegbu. Airing his view on the purported INEC letter making rounds on the Social Media that the party's delegate list is not approved by the Commissioner Senator Victor Umeh revealed that APGA list was duly received and approved by INEC, just as the State Chairman of APGA, Sir Norbert Obi, described the act as orchestrated by some people he described as wishful thinkers. They advised members of the party to stay together this time as being obedient to party principle making sacrifices, patience and perseverance always pays off. The Member representing Anaocha, Dunukofia and Njikoka federal Constituency at the National Assembly Chief Dozie Nwankwo said that many party delegates believe in Professor Soludo's capacity, as a result of which the victory was resounding, just as he expressed confidence in the ability of the party hierarchy to address some daunting challenges of the party. The Speaker of Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor and the member representing Njikoka Constituency Two at the Anambra House of Assembly, Sir Pete Ibida, described APGA as one family that believes in leadership. Also speaking, a member of the Board of Trustees of APGA, Chief Rommy Ezeonwuka said that the world is in a challenging period that needs ingenious and creative leaders to turn around the fortunes of the followers, stressing that such qualities and more are not lacking in Professor Soludo. 
COVID -19 Vaccination Suffers Set Back At Achalla Awka North Council Area
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-25 07:30:40CategoriesHealth State There was a temporal set back to the ongoing covid-19 administration of vaccine at Achalla, headquarters of Awka North Council area, when those who came for their first jab were refused attention by some health officials. The action was widely condemned by people, especially when most would be recipients were directed to Mgbakwu Primary Health Care Centre, for the first dose. According to the focal person in charge of the Primary Health care Center, Achalla, Mrs Francisca Nwanwuno, they only administer the dose of the vaccine to second timers while referring first timers to Mgbakwu Centre because they have no registration cards in Achalla health care centre. The Director Disease Control and Immunization, Dr Placid Uliagbafusi, corrected the impression, pointing out that both first timers and second should have the opportunity of receiving the vaccine. Apart from the hitch at Achalla Primary Health Centre, it was still success story all through the communities covered by the COVID-19 media monitoring team in charge of Anambra Central. Mrs Angela Nweke, beneficiary of the ongoing vaccination programme at Mgbakwu Primary Health care Center, said that after taking the first dose of the vaccine twelve weeks ago, she made herself available for the second jab because the injection had no side effects. The Local Immunization Officer in Awka North council area, Mrs Gloria Okpete said that people responded positively after overcoming the initial fear that the vaccine was harmful to the body. Mrs Stella Oputa, who came for the first dose at Mgbakwu, equally encouraged others who are yet to receive the vaccine to present themselves as it has no adverse effects. 
ASUBEB Distributes Farm Implements, Sports Equipment To Schools In Anambra
AuthorTHEOPHILIUS UKOHADate2021-06-25 07:22:07CategoriesState Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board ASUBEB has distributed farm implements and Sports Equipment to all primary schools across the State. The distribution exercise took place at ASUBEB Secretariat in Awka. Speaking during the exercise the executive Chairman Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board Chief Patrick Ugboaja said the objective of the distribution is to make agricultural science more practical oriented at basic education level.  He thanked Governor Willie Obiano for his prompt payment of counterpart funding to Universal Basic Education Commission which enabled Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board access and provide the equipment and farm implements. He also announced that the Governor had given approval for the promotion of over one thousand tutorial and non-tutorial staff of ASUBEB for 2019 charging all the head teachers to ensure maximum use of the  farm implements and sports equipment.  In a welcome address the director academic services of Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board, Lady Stella Ezepue, said sequel to UBEC intervention to States in sports development in basic education, and promotion of School to farm programme, it is expected that head teachers and education secretaries should ensure that the implements and sports equipment are used effectively to ensure that the laudable objective of the programme is achieved. Later in an interview the Director, Planning, Research and Statistics Chief Uchenna Ezeani, said Universal Basic Education Commission has approved one percent of matching grant yearly for sports development from 2018 in schools while another two percent of the Universal Basic Education Commission intervention matching grant and counterpart funding was approved to support school to farm programme and however challenged all head teachers and education secretaries to ensure proper use of the equipment and farm implements.  One of the head teachers from Amamife primary school Awka, Mrs Helen Ogbuozobe, appreciated the supply and distribution of the equipment and farm implements promising to make good use of them. In a vote of thanks the Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board Secretary Lady Vivian Anyachebelu, appreciated all the head teachers and education secretaries for attending the event and tasked them on making effective use of the equipment and farm implements. 
ASATU  Women Take Sensitization On Voter Registration To Anambra North Senatorial District
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-25 07:15:38CategoriesState Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU) Women Wing have taken sensitization on voter registration to Anambra North Senatorial District, aimed at ensuring that women are involved in all electioneering processes in the State.   Amaka Chibuzor Okoye  reports that while  addressing the Community Women Leaders at Anambra East Council Headquarters, Otuocha, the National President of ASATU, Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo, said that voters card is highly beneficial, as it serves many purposes in Nigeria and made it clear that it is the tool which they will use to vote for any candidate of their choice.   Lady Franca maintained that the state, since inception of the present administration has witnessed massive transformation and they need to consolidate it by voting a candidate that will perform more than Governor Willie Obiano and advised them not to mortgage their conscience when the time comes.  The Vice President Of the Association,  Mrs Bibian Onwuka asked, community Women leaders to sacrifice their resources and time in ensuring that the aged in their various communities enroll and obtain their voters cards.   The Treasurer of the Association, Mrs Ann Nwosu who said that women are light bearers and should reflect it wherever they are, called on them to go back to their villages and sensitize them.   In their various speeches, Mrs Florence Ananyeonu, Anthonia Uke and Amaka Obiekwe noted that women are the ones to benefit most if the state witnessed good governance and urged the women to spread the message accordingly.   In a remark, the Anambra North Coordinator,  Mrs Patricia Nwokedi disclosed that the Governor's Wife, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano holds women to high esteem, and appealed to them to reciprocate by voting a good candidate in the November six governorship election.   Question and answer session as well as prayer climaxed the event. 
2021 Anambra Governorship Election: State Information Commissioner Adinuba Urges Political Class To Uphold Issue Based Campaign, Shun Rancour
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-06-25 07:09:31CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr C-Don Adinuba, has advised political gladiators in the State to make the November sixth governorship election campaign, issue based and rancor free. Mr Adinuba who described the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) candidate as an international recognized economist and reformer, said that the State government expects the forthcoming campaign to be issue based and rancor free, as it has been in the last two previous governorship elections in the State. The Commissioner advised media practitioners, especially journalists from conventional and social media to display high sense of professionalism in discharging their duties in order not to over hit the polity. Mr Adinuba maintained that it is part of the mass media social responsibility not to dance to the antics of disgruntled oppositions, otherwise, unsuspecting citizens who rely on the media for information and more importantly, education and guidance will be misled gravely. The Information and Public Enlightenment Commissioner, reminded the Mass Media of journalism of conscience and national commitment, as Ndi Anambra prepare for November six governorship election. 
Anambra Assembly Speaker Okafor Congratulate Soludo On Victory At APGA Primary Election
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-06-25 07:07:40CategoriesState The Speaker of the State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor says the emergence of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the All Progressives Grand Alliance candidate for the November sixth Governorship Election in the State is deserving in view of his outstanding qualities and marketable potential.   In his congratulatory message to Professor Soludo, Right Honourable Okafor commended the APGA leader and Chairman of board of trustees, Governor Willie Obiano, National Chairman of the party, Chief Victor Oye, key stakeholders and the entire APGA family for ensuring a peaceful primary election.   The Speaker, who expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the election, noted that APGA, being a mass movement of progressives, would continue to retain the seat of Anambra State government especially now that Governor Obiano has enthroned good governance through massive human and infrastructural development across the state.   He urged other governorship aspirants who contested the primary election to support the party's Governorship candidate, Professor Soludo in the interest of the party and Ndi Anambra.   Right Honourable Okafor called on APGA faithful in the state to intensify efforts in mobilizing support for the party to ensure victory in the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra State.   
Anambra Lawmaker Udoba Commends APGA For Fair, Transparent Primary Election
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-25 07:01:26CategoriesState In the same vein, the Member representing Anambra West Constituency in the State House of Assembly, Honouable Patrick Obalim-Udoba has praised the All Progressives Grand Alliance for the fair and transparent conduct of the party's primary election in Anambra State.   Honourable Udoba who spoke to Newsmen immediately after the election, described the exercise as free, fair and transparent and thank Governor Willie Obiano, who is the Board of Trustees Chairman of the Party, for providing an enabling environment for the successful conduct of the election.   The Lawmaker equally thanked the Independent National Electoral Commission's observers that monitored the exercise and called on all other aspirants to join hands with the winner to ensure that the party emerges victorious in the November sixth Governorship poll in the State.   Honourable Udoba maintained that Professor Chukwuma Soludo remains the only candidate that can effectively consolidate on what Governor Obiano has already achieved, and also move the State to the next level.   He called on APGA faithful in all the political Wards in Anambra State to support the policies of the current administration in the State for a greater Anambra. 
UN- PEPOLAC, Others  Felicitate With Soludo  On Victory At APGA Primary Election
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-25 06:59:17CategoriesState Few hours after emerging victorious from his party's primary election to become its flag bearer for the State's November six gubernatorial election, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has started receiving barrages of congratulatory messages from groups and well-meaning individuals. One of such messages came from the United Nation's Peace and Positive Living Awareness Centre, UN-Peace POLAC. According to a special congratulatory message from the Secretariat of UN-PEPOLAC Nigeria, it is a thing of joy that   Professor Soludo, who is a Peace Ambassador of the body, has emerged at this point in time, when the society is yearning for peace. The message, signed by the International Coordinator of UN PEPOLAC in Nigeria, Right Reverend Ozioma Ozoemena, says the  overwhelming victory in APGA’s 2021 governorship primary election shows that majority of the people clamour for peace and positive living. Right Reverend Ozoemena says as a worthy Peace Advocate and Ambassador, United Nations Peace PoLAC wishes him well in his future endeavors as well as more victories. 
APGA Chieftain Mofunanya Lauds Party On Free, Fair Primary
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-25 06:54:35CategoriesState A Chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), from Umudioka Awka, Awka South Council Area, Engineer Chuks-Michael Mofunanya, has commended the Party for conducting a free, fair and credible primary election in Anambra state. Engineer Mofunanya who is an Estate developer, praised the transparency of the Primary Election that produced World renowned economist and former Central Bank of Nigeria Governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, as the flag bearer of the party for the November sixth Anambra governorship election. The APGA chieftain commended the party's national working committee led by Dr. Victor Oye, the State and Local Government executives, as well as the delegates, for heeding to the calls by majority of Ndi Anambra for the party to elect Professor Soludo as their candidate for the forthcoming election. Engineer Mofunanya described Professor Soludo as an economic guru, who is knowledgeable in Micro and Macro-Economic dynamics, most especially now that Covid-19 has adversely affected World economy. He appealed to APGA members to increase and enhance the tempo of grassroots mobilization to ensure that the Party win convincingly and overwhelming in the forthcoming Anambra governorship poll. Engineer Mofunanya further eulogized governor Willie Obiano for his people oriented policies and programmes that helped his administration to raise the bar of socioeconomic development of Anambra state in all ramifications. 
Professor Chukwuma Soludo Emerges As APGA Flagbearer
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-24 07:27:38CategoriesPolitics State Former Central Bank Governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has emerged as the standard bearer of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA in the November 6 Gubernatorial Election. Professor Soludo's emergence came after he polled 740 out of the 792 votes cast in the primary election by statutory and ADHOC delegates, under the watchful eyes of officials of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC.  Three other screened and cleared aspirants that contested the APGA Primary election with Professor Soludo are, Chief Okwudili Ezenwankwo, who got 41 votes, Dr. ThankGod Ibe, 4 votes, and Sir Damian Okolo who polled 7 votes. Total number of accredited votes is 795, while total number of votes cast is 792.  At the Dr. Alex Ekwueme Square, Awka, venue of the accreditation, as early as 8 am, the delegates thronged in and were arranged ward by ward according to their local government areas, afterwhich they were conveyed to Professor Dora Akunuili Women's Center, Awka, for the Primary election at 12 noon. The voting proper continued till five pm, at the end of which counting commenced and ended at about 7 pm.  Speaking, the National Vice Chairman of APGA in the South West, Nigeria who was the Chairman of the five man electoral organizing panel, Deacon Samson Olalere, described APGA as a disciplined party, having conducted a peaceful primary election. While  congratulating everyone for good conduct including  Governor Willie Obiano, who provided the enabling environment, Deacon Olalere described the process as a family affair. Speaking to the media shortly after the election, Governor Willie Obiano commended the process as transparent and congratulated Professor Soludo, just as he assured of working with him to ensure that APGA wins the general election come November the 6th.  In his acceptance speech, Professor Soludo said that with the action of the party, he has renewed vigour to pursue the mandate, expressing optimsm that the party will emerge victorious, even as he extended the olive branch to his co-aspirants. 
Commentary: Life And Times Of Lady Susan Onwuzuligbo
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-24 07:23:23CategoriesColumnist Adadioranma Lady Susan Amaoge Onwuzuligbo (Also Known as Adadiebube; Adadiebube-di oranma; Enenma 1) was born in Kano, Nigeria on July 17, 1954. She is the daughter of Late Chief & Chief Mrs. A.N. Onwudinjo, and a sister to 8 siblings.
She got married in 1977 to Nze Alexander Onwuzuligbo, and together they had five children. She attended Queen of the Rosary College (QRC) Onitsha, Anambra State. She received a bachelor’s degree in Business Management from ASUTECH, which later became Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra State.
Lady Susan was a teacher in Nigeria for over 20 years. She was appointed a Business Studies/Commerce teacher in Saint Charles’ Secondary School, Onitsha, in 1986, where she taught for 15 years, a huge part of her teaching career. She later transferred to Washington Grammar School, and Girls’ Secondary School, Okpoko, where she rose to the level a Vice Principal.
Lady Susan was a very cheerful, personable, fashionable woman who loved people. She made friends of all ages and always had a smile for everyone. One of her favorite words were: “Ezigbo mmadu”; “Nwanne mmadu”. She did not care where you were from. You were always her ‘nwanne’ or ‘ezigbo mmadu’.
Lady Susan was a very active member of the Igbo Catholic Community, Blessed Sacrament Church, Newark, New Jersey, USA. She was a member of the ICC CWO; the Ladies Auxiliary of the Knights of Saint John (LAUX #592); the Jesus is Lord Charismatic Mission; the CWO Awka Diocese, New Jersey and the CWO, Awka Diocese USA.
She also belonged to many social clubs like: Coal City Social Club; People’s Club of Nigeria, Princeton, NJ Chapter; Enugwu-ukwu Community Development Union (ECDU) and Anambra State Progressive Association (ASPA).
Lady Susan loved prayers and always asked everyone to join her in prayers or pray for her. She received prayers till her last few hours on earth, and it is our happiness (and hers too) to know that she left in a state of grace, as she received the Last Rites and Sacrament.
Vigil mass holds today at her country home, Nze Alexander Onwuzuligbo’s residence, Ngene village, behind Saint Peter’s Anglican Church, Amawbia. There will be requiem mass tomorrow at Saint Mathew’s Catholic Church, Amawbia, thereafter, interment at her country home.
Although Adadiebube-di oranma is no longer here, her spirit will continue to live on as she and the impact she made on people’s lives will always be cherished and never be forgotten.
We love and miss you. Rest in Perfect Peace with God. Amen.
WRITTEN BY NZE ALEXANDER ONWUZULIGBO
Commentary: Godwin Ezeemo - An Enigmatic Personality
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-24 07:21:09CategoriesColumnist Godwin Chukwunenye Ezeemo, the Achi nagbara Ora of Umuchu in Aguata, is a man whose  life epitomizes the statement of a former British Prime Minister, Winston Churchill,  when he said, “we make a living by what we get but we make a life by what we give’’. Mr. Godwin Ezeemo was born on June 20, 1954 to Nze Umeaku Godwin Ezeemo and Lolo Ahusie Charity Ezeemo. He attended Saint Thomas’ Anglican Primary School, Umuchu and later, Saint Peter’s Secondary School, Achina.
Thereafter, the young Ezeemo gained admission to Federal Polytechnic, Ilaro in Ogun state to study Marketing. He obtained his Higher National Diploma and went for his National Youth Service Corp programme at the Star-Pack Industries, Aba in Abia state.
 It was while at Aba that his business acumen began to acquire roots. He was later introduced to Freight Forwarding business. He gradually rose from being a sole proprietor to becoming one of Nigeria’s top Freight Forwarders. Ezeemo later ventured into real estate business and opened up several small and medium scale enterprises.
In 1993, Ezeemo’s quest for further exposure and the search for international business opportunities compelled him to move to the United Kingdom with his family. Before then, in 1991, Ezeemo married his heart-throb, Mrs. Nneka Winifred Ezeemo, who has been a wonderful pillar of support to him. The marriage is blessed with three children.
While at the United Kingdom, Ezeemo found new business opportunities with links to United States of America, China and Africa. After about two decades of academic and business sojourn in Europe, Ezeemo returned home in 2012 and moved the headquarters of his businesses to his hometown, Umuchu.
He has grown to become one of the pathfinders of the new generation of business moguls in the state who are in search of the best ways to consolidate on the gains of Anambra people in businesses and investments, while at the same time catering for the socio-economic well-being of the citizenry.
Ezeemo has been building bridges of development across various parts of Anambra state. He created the Orient Group of Companies and established the Honeywell Hotels at Umuchu; WebPress Machine Printing Press, publishers of Orient Daily Newspapers; Omega FM Radio Station; Orient Farms and Agro-allied projects, including a feed mill and assorted industries.
He has used these business outfits to create employment opportunities for many Anambra citizens. Ezeemo has become one of the leading lights of Akuluo Ulo philosophy, which enjoins Igbo business men and women to invest at home.
Godwin Ezeemo is better known for his monumental philanthropic gestures. He has piloted social entrepreneurship to great heights. He set up the Charity Organization Trust Fund, named after his mother, to provide several welfare programmes for the masses such as scholarships for over 2,000 indigent students in the primary, secondary and tertiary institutions.
Ezeemo established an ICT training school in 2011, built and donated the International Press Centre at Awka to the Anambra State Council of the Nigeria Union of Journalists. He has built several churches for many communities and sponsored Sports competitions among schools in the state.
In 2012, Godwin Ezeemo sponsored a 5-day Workshop on Value Re-orientation in the Igbo society and the event was attended by a galaxy of prominent personalities.  Then, on May 22, 2019, Prince Arthur Eze, Eze N’Ukpo, gave a most befitting testimonial to Godwin Ezeemo when he stated that “Ezeemo had devoted his time and money in creating good jobs in our state. He is of good character and God is with him and that is why he is with his people’’. Then, on July 8, 2019, the President of Alaigbo Development Foundation, Professor Uzodinma Nwala, commended Godwin Ezeemo for his painstaking effort in establishing several firms in Anambra state, despite the challenges of doing business in the South-East.
The ball is now in the court of the delegates to the party primaries of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, scheduled to hold this weekend. It is their responsibility to decide the future of the party in the forthcoming Governorship election. Achi nagbara Ora, we wish you the best.
WRITTEN BY CHRISTOPHER OMEJE 
Anambra Assembly Resumes Sitting After PSAN Strike
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-06-24 07:09:05CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has commenced sitting after a prolonged strike embarked upon by the Parliamentary Staff Association of Nigeria over non implementation of financial autonomy for State Houses of Assembly. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor while welcoming the lawmakers and the House of Assembly staff back to the House, charged them to discharge their duties with renewed vigor to meet the expectations of the people. Right Honourable Okafor assured that the lawmakers will continue to enact laws that will meet the yearnings and aspirations of the people as well as ensure rapid development of the State. Also at plenary, the House received the report of the state Auditor-General on the accounts of the Anambra State Government for the year ended 2020 which was referred to the House Committee on Public Accounts to make amends where necessary and report back to the House within two weeks. 
FG To Establish Technology Centres Across The Country
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-24 07:06:19CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government has declared its plan to establish emerging technology centres across the Country. The Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr Isa Pantami, disclosed this during his keynote address at the Digital Africa Annual Conference, which was held virtually. Meanwhile, the Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports is partnering a Microsoft Initiative, Technology for Social Change and Development, to train thirty six thousand young Nigerians on digital skills in one year through the Emerging Markets Model Initiative. The Emerging Markets Model Initiative is a multi-year, multi-stakeholder, private-public, non-profit partnership designed by Microsoft to build the capacity of key government Ministries, Departments, and Agencies which aims to offer sustainable, scalable, reskilling and employment services aligned to the local labour markets through the provision of  access to digital skills training from digital literacy to advanced training for young people in Nigeria between the ages of sixteen and thirty five. The Initiative would be achieved through a multi-year collaboration with four Federal Government Ministries and twelve State governments. 
WOCSED Celebrates Widows Day At Igboukwu Aguata Council Area
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-24 07:03:47CategoriesState Women Center for Self-Empowerment and Development, WOCSED, yesterday joined their counterparts to celebrate International Widows Day, aimed at creating awareness on the plight of widows.   The group which carters for the welfare of widow's, vulnerable and girl child, gave free medical services, such as checking of blood sugar, high blood pressure, breast and cervical cancer screening, among others.   Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye was there and  reports that while addressing the widows who gathered at Ihuanuka Community Hall, Igboukwu, Aguata Local Government Area, the founder of WOCSED, Mrs Onyeka Obi said her passion is to build up the Non-Governmental Organization in championing the course of widowhood as their rights most times are infringed upon, including the denial of their inheritance.  Mrs Obi noted that the day was set aside to address the issue of poverty, injustice, some obnoxious practices and neglect.   She advised the widow's to stand strong, keep moving and acquire knowledge that will help them achieve all their potentials in life.   Speaking on the theme of this year’s International Widows Day, 'Invisible women, invisible , Miss Uzoamaka Ike, noted that often times, widows are forgotten, maltreated and molested and maintained that widows should be taken care of and advised widows to speak up and seek for legal services, anytime they feel dehumanized.  Mrs Eunice Onunkwo encouraged widows not to be withered but to be focused and dedicated, as well as train their children with the fear of God.   Also speaking, a health worker, Mrs Calister Atuegwu, exposed the widows to inherent dangers and causes of cancer and advised them to always go for regular medical checkups in order to have good health.   In a remark, Mrs Josephine Okeke, applauded the convener, for seeing to the welfare of others and prayed God to bless her.   The event featured presentation of gifts to the widows by Mrs Obi, health talks, prayer, among others. 
KOSHIA Executive Secretary Adekuklue  Lauds Anambra Health Insurance Scheme
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-24 06:57:47CategoriesState The Executive Secretary, Kogi State Health Insurance Agency, KOSHIA, Dr Aledare Adekunle says Anambra State Health iInsurance Agency remains the best and most functional in Nigeria.   Dr. Adekunle made the assertion when he led a delegation of his agency, on a two day working visit to Anambra state.  According to Dr. Adekunle, they were in the State to understudy ASHIA, their model of operation and how they become the most functional and effective health insurance agency in Nigeria within a short time.   The Kogi State Executive Secretary of KOSHIA added that they will inject all the innovations and best practices that have worked for ASHIA into their scheme and commended Governor Willie Obiano for a job well done. More   Welcoming his guests, the Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr Simeon Onyemaechi, noted that they want to make ASHIA, one of the legacy projects of the current administration in the State, and attributed the successes recorded by the agency within three years of operation, to numerous interventions given to them by Governor Willie Obiano.   Dr. Onyemaechi maintained that the agency is still exploring avenues to improve on the quality and services they render to their beneficiaries, in order to make the agency globally competitive. 
Commentary: Towards A Hitch-free APGA Primaries
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-23 06:58:47CategoriesColumnist The All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), the third largest political party in Nigeria, is conducting its Governorship Primary Election today. The election is the final of all the stages towards a successful nomination of a candidate that will fly the flag of the party in the November 6, 2021 Governorship Election in Anambra State.
The stakeholders should, therefore, bear in mind that the contest will determine the future of the party in particular and Ndigbo in general. Thus, they should trade with utmost caution, not allowing the infiltration, wishes and aspirations of the opposition, who would wish to wrestle away power by all means, to prevail. They should always remember the motto of APGA, Be Your Brother’s or Sister’s Keeper.
In every contest, destiny and hard work go hand in hand. And in every election, there must be a winner and a loser. If elected, be thankful, if not; let it be all the same. As members of one family, good sportsmen and women and, above all, descendants of Eze Ndigbo Gburugburu, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, we must be magnanimous in victory and gallant in defeat.
Peaceful conduct of the primary is synonymous with victory at the general poll. A peace loving person should not let the behavior of others destroy his inner peace, which will in turn affect the contest. Peace can challenge us to discover ourselves and perhaps, allow us to surrender to our circumstances.
Let us drop our individual ego and selfish interest and accept the will of the greater number of the people.
Anambra has known peace since our great party, the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, took over the mantle of leadership in the state on March 17, 2006. Today, we can collectively agree to sustain the tempo and shame the detractors, traducers desperadoes, destabilizers and merchants of mayhem.
By our conduct, we should not let Ndi Anambra to go back to the darks days of history when despondency and brigandage were the order of the day. Hitherto, the state was in a gory and sorry situation. Anambra was in a state of anomie. The state was destroyed. Anambra was on its knees; in a mess then.
Violence, mayhem, and criminality were synonymous with the state, to the extent that a sitting governor was abducted. Schools closed for almost one year due to nonpayment of workers, teachers and pensioners, while extra judicial killings by a formal organization and brazen burning of public property were the order of the day. If there was no divine intervention, the state would have degenerated to a state of emergency.
By the grace of God, once APGA took over the mantle, everything died down. In fact, APGA brought Anambra to the status of being the most peaceful state in Nigeria; for the party believes that peace. Let us continue to toe that part of peace today, vis a vis our conduct, before, during and after the primaries.
Always vote for principle and with a sense of maturity, knowing that victory for one today is victory for all tomorrow. APGA is a big ocean that accommodates every kind of fish and government is like a chicken that lays many eggs. Anyone that loses today can surely win tomorrow.
Hence, APGA has excelled so much in the past few years of its existence. APGA has ever remained a violence-free political party because its idea is that violence is immoral, which seeks to humiliate rather than win understanding. Violence thrives on hatred rather than love. It destroys parties and makes brotherhood impossible. It leaves one in monologue rather than dialogue.
The party has, over the years, remained faithful to its covenant with the people, in accordance with its constitution and manifesto, as well as the spirit and solemn directives of its supreme leader, the late Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu. And that is why APGA is succeeding where others failed. Let us uphold that legacy today.
WRITTEN BY DR. NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Traditional Ruler Of Abba Igwe Eze Urges People To Ignore Rumours On COVID -19 Vaccination
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-23 06:56:47CategoriesState Anambra people in the cities and hinterlands alike are now responding  positively to the ongoing administration of the second dose of Covid-19 vaccines. When our monitoring team led by the Unicef Desk Officer, Franca Madike visited Abba community in Njikoka council area, the community turned out in large numbers at the super sites ready to receive the second jab of the vaccine. The traditional ruler of Abba, Igwe Leonard Eze appealed to the people to ignore the rumour of the side effects of the vaccine  as the government and its officials cannot use the vaccine if it is harmful to the citizenry.  According to the traditional ruler, nobody has been reported dead or seriously ill after being administered with the vaccine. The state facilitator Njikoka council area, Mr Ikenna Agbirionwu solicited for the support of the traditional ruler in the task of ensuring that everybody receive both first and second jabs of the vaccine. Also speaking the Head of Health Department, Njikoka Council area Dr Ikechukwu Obi-udu observed that the Igwe of Abba has been at the forefront of the ongoing campaign to encourage the people to make themselves available for the administration of the covid-19 vaccine. Mrs Gladys Egwuonwu, Njikoka local government immunization officer, who is also the leader of the supersite team, called on the people of Njikoka Council area to avail themselves of the first and second jabs of the vaccine. Former news editor in ABS, Mrs Ngozi Obi-chukwuma and her husband, who is a member of Igwe's cabinet, Chief Obinna Chukwuma, were among Abba indigenes who completed the first and second doses of the vaccine. 
APGA Primary Election: INEC Officials Arrive Anambra For Monitoring
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-23 06:54:43CategoriesPolitics State As the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA conducts primary election preparatory to the November six Anambra Governorship election, INEC officials have arrived the State to monitor the exercise in line with provisions of the Electoral Act. Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Political Matters, Chief Ifeatu Obi-Okoye, disclosed this in an ABS audience participatory program, “Nzuko Anambra”, today. He dismissed media reports purporting leadership crisis in APGA, which is capable of vitiating outcome of the scheduled Primary election or even denying the Party victory in the main election. He explained that adequate arrangements, including security, have been made to ensure smooth conduct, as well as safety of materials and about nine hundred delegates participating in the exercise holding at the Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre, Awka.  Contributing, an APGA Stakeholder, Chief Ben Obi, said the Party's candidate for Governorship election will emerge from the Primary election, urging the delegates to keep eyes on the ball, even as he described as “political distractors” those pushing negative publications against the Party. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that callers on the program, including Messrs Sunday Okonkwo from Unubi, Afulukwe and Sunday from Ihiala, as well as Madam Odiuko from Ekwulobia, urged APGA leadership to ensure that a candidate with grassroot acceptance emerges, to enable the Party maintain hold of the State. 
Anambra Governorship Election: APGA State Vice Chairman Omeligwe -Elee Reassures Of Free, Fair Party Primary Today
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-23 06:52:06CategoriesPolitics State The Anambra State Vice Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, Mr. Tony Omeligwe-Elee says the party will conduct a free, credible and fair Primary Election today.   The State Vice Chairman of the Party disclosed this when some Youths, Students, and Men and Women visited the Party secretariat, Awka, appealing to APGA delegates to vote according to the wishes of the people.   Speaking to the Youths and Students who walked around Immigration Junction, Enugu-Onitsha Express way, Awka, to APGA party house, Mr. Omeligwe-Elee assured that the Party will conduct a primary election that will be fair, just, credible and satisfactory to all the delegates and Party faithful.   Earlier, the leader of the youths, Comrade Alex Ossaka, noted that they came to show solidarity to the former CBN governor ahead of today 's primary election and appealed to all the delegates not to trade their votes.   Comrade Ossaka emphasized  need to vote for aspirant that has the capacity to consolidate on the gains already achieved by the Willie Obiano administration. 
Bishop Ekwe Asks FG To Promote Good Governance, Tackle Insecurity
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-06-23 06:45:25CategoriesState The Bishop Diocese of Niger West, Rght Reverend Johnson Ekwe has called on the Federal government to solve Nigeria's insecurity problem through provision of good governance, true federalism, and adherence to National character justice and equity. Bishop Ekwe made the call while presenting his charge to the Second Session of the Fourth Synod of the Diocese held at St. Jude's Anglican Church Nando, Anambra East Council area. Staff reporter Njideka Okoye was there and reports that Bishop Ekwe who decried use of force on citizens asked the federal government to focus on the welfare of the people by providing employment, infrastructure, social amenities and improve the standard of education.  Bishop Ekwe commended Governor Willie Obiano for the provision of International Cargo and Passenger Airport at Umueri and implore him to ensure the completion of the major roads leading to Ayamelum local government area and also spoke on the theme of the synod. Speaking, the Archbishop of the Province of the Niger, Most Reverend Dr. Alexander Ibezim commended Bishop Ekwe and his wife for their commitment towards the growth and development of the area, especially in evangelizing the Omambala area, urging the people to be complete in Christ.  In their remarks, the Bishop Diocese of Amichi Right Reverend Ephraim Ikeakor and his Afikpo Diocese counterpart, Rt. Reverend Paul Udogu said one needs to be complete in Christ to be able to overcome the challenges of life noting that the theme of the synod is prophetic and an encouragement to the body of Christ. In their separate speeches, the host vicar, Canon Ebelechukwu Egbuji, one of the delegates, Igwe Dr. Ken Nnamdi, Chairman Synod Central Planning Committee, Sir Ferdinand Orauno and the Local Organizing Committee Chairman, Mr Onyeaka Uwadiegwu thanked God for the success of the synod describing it as a blessing to Nando community.  The synod which has its theme as "You Are Complete in Christ the Head of Principality and Power" featured presentations to Bishop Ekwe. 
Mrs Theresa Nwankwo Laid To Rest At Obosi, Idemili North Council
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-06-23 06:42:46CategoriesState For the Nwankwo Family of Umuota Village Obosi, Idemili North Local Government Area, a great vaccum has been created by the passing on of their mother, Mrs Teresa Chikenma Nwankwo Nee Chiatula.  The remains of the Late Ezinne Teresa Nwankwo who died at the age of seventy five years were laid to rest in her husband's compound at Dr Oguejiofor Nwankwo Street Umuota, Obosi. Correspondent Emengini Osadebe who covered the funeral ceremony for ABS reports that the event attracted dignitaries from all walks of life within and outside Obosi. It is not how long one lived on earth that counts but how well, which was the case of the Late Mrs T.C Nwankwo as she was fondly called by those who knew her bearing in mind the good testimonies of how she reformed the lives of somany young girls.  The late Mrs Nwankwo served meritoriously as a teacher and Principal of many schools that include Girls Secondary School Obosi, Abbot Girls Special .Science School and Abbot Secondary School Ihiala as well as Queen of Rosary College Onitsha and was later made a Supervising Principal of Schools at the State Education Commission Ogidi Zone before her demise. In a requim mass held at St Stephen's Catholic Church, Little Wood Estate Obosi, celebrated by the Metropolitan Archbishop of Onitsha Archdiocese Most Reverend Dr Valerian Okeke who was represented by the Chancellor of the Archdiocese Reverend Father Prudentus Aroh noted that the gathering of Christians over the death of any child of God was to proclaim the victory of Christ over death which is an indication that life do not end in this world saying that the late Mrs T.C. Nwankwo is not dead but asleep in the Lord. In his homily the Manager St Charles College Onitsha Reverend Father Peter Nwanso whose topic centred on "Living Out Your Belief" described the deceased as a virtous woman who lived out what she believed as she touched somany lives and remoulded young girls who came in contact with her, urging Christians to live out their Conviction. The State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano who was represented be the State Chief of Staff, Honourable Primus Odili described the Late Mrs T.C. Nwankwo as a disciplinarian and a role model who has left an indelible mark on the sands of time urging her family to bear the lose with fortitude. Speaking to the ABS in their seperate interviews, the Traditional Ruler of Obosi Igwe Chidubem Iweka the third represented by the Palace Secretary, Chief Shedrack Okenwa and the Traditional Ruler of Mbosi, Igwe Dr Greg Nwokorah noted the tremendous impact the deceased made in the education system and prayed God to grant her eternal rest. Her first Son Engineer Kenechukwu Nwankwo and her first daughter Miss Chinelo Nwankwo described their mother as a caring woman, their companion, mentor, confidant and above all a prayer warrior, saying that they will surely miss her while asking God to grant them the grace to live out her legacy. Others who elogised her life time include the Principal Queen of Rosary College Onitsha, Reverend Sister Maria Chijioke Nwankwo, her old students from Girls Secondary School Obosi Dr Mrs Ndidi Offorle, Mrs Ngozi Akabor among others. 
Anambra Information Commissioner Adinuba Holds Capacity Building Session With ABS And Ministry Staff, Presents Computer Sets
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-23 06:39:45CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. C-Don Adinuba, yesterday held  interactive editorial review session with editors and some senior management staff of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, to discuss changing editorial policies and how to incorporate them into news bulletins to serve the audience better.   The meeting, held at the Commissioner's office in Awka, and also attended by staff of the Ministry, provided avenue to look into some newsroom presentations and other editorial decisions that affect the news generally.  Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that other issues discussed at the meeting included headlining, titling, articles and  use of preposition sentencing and general language presentation.   Addressing the journalists, Mr. Adinuba said that the meeting was a necessary platform to exchange ideas and improve  professionalism, noting that the only way to become better professionally is through constant learning.   The Commissioner, on behalf of Governor Willie Obiano, also donated computer sets to ABS to appreciate the organization for leading the way in digital broadcasting in Anambra State.   In his remarks, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah, commended the Commissioner for using the meeting to instill new journalism skills in the participants and assured that the knowledge garnered would go a long way to make news presentation better.   Dr. Nworah also thanked Governor Obiano for the computer equipment and promised that the station would use them for quality news delivery.  The Director, News and Current Affairs Department of the ABS, Mr. Gab Okpalaeze and the Head of Station, ABS Onitsha, Mrs. Ifeoma Udechukwu, who participated in the meeting, said that it was a push to work more to deliver quality output, and promised to take back the knowledge to the newsrooms.   Director of Programmes, ABS, Mrs. Nneka Ekwunife and other senior staff members both from ABS and the ministry attended the meeting. 
Today is International Widows Day
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-23 06:36:37CategoriesState Internatiinal Widows Day is  a day set aside by the United Nations to create awareness on the hardships widows face.   This year's celebration has its theme as 'Invisible women, invisible problems."   Speaking on the significance of the day, the state Director, Anambra State Ministry of Women and Children Affairs, Mrs. Hope Ekesiobi disclosed that they have empowered, trained and intervened in the plights of widows across the state.   Mrs. Ekesiobi while calling on all to join hands with the government to end whatever invisible challenge widows’ encounter, charged traditionalists to stop harmful cultural practices against widows.   For the National President, Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU Women Wing, Lady Franca Nwigbo they see to the welfare of the widows, organize seminars for them and settle issues on infringement of their rights.   The Founder, Widows Forum of Nigeria and Diaspora Incorporated, Mrs. Chiago Obineme frowned at what some widows are passing through while describing it as pathetic, assured that through FIDA many were liberated.   On her part, the State Woman Leader of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Mrs. Gloria Udevi, confirmed that widows in the state have never had it so good before now maintaining that their rights are being protected and catered for through the benevolence of the governor's wife, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano, who through her pet project CAFE, has empowered, equipped and trained widows to be self-reliant.   
Anambra State Govt Intensifies Measures To Check  Encroachment On State Properties In Enugu State
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-23 06:34:39CategoriesState Anambra State Government has stopped encroachment on its properties in  Enugu State.   A delegation, made up of the Secretary to the state government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, the Executive Chairman, Anambra State Physical Planning Board and Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Digital Economy, Barrister Chike Maduekwe, the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer, Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, the Venerable Barrister Amaechi Okwuosa, among others visited five different locations, where encroachment was done in the said state.  Government House Correspondent Ejike Abana reports that out of the five properties, Appeal Court and PRODA at plot 650, M23, Upper Presidential Road as well as number three Independence Layout Enugu were visited.   According to Professor Chukwulobelu, the five properties were inherited from the old Anambra State in 1991 after the creation of the new Anambra State.   He noted that the properties were recently reported to have been encroached on by developers’ consequent upon which the state government wrote appropriate authorities.  Speaking on the development, Barrister Maduekwe said that Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, authorized the action, pointing out that on arrival, Professor, contacted the Secretary to Enugu State Government about their presence Barrister Maduekwe, who announced that the identity of the developers are unknown, said that when Anambra State Government heard about it, they decided to act timeously.  He said that by the visit, it is expected of the developers to contact Anambra State as they are ready to follow legal means to reclaim the properties, stressing that perhaps an agreement that will be beneficial to all parties, can be reached at the end. UPSOT   On his part, Venerable Okwuosa said that the government had taken legal steps by writing to the relevant authorities as well as individuals, who are illegally occupying the properties, noting that Anambra State is backed by law to take possession. 
APGA Anambra State Governorship Primary Holds June 23, 2021 As Scheduled
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-22 07:11:17CategoriesPolitics State The attention of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) has been drawn to a letter with Reference No INEC/DEPM/UPPM/1/145 dated the 18th of June, 2021 and signed by the Secretary of the Independent National Electoral Commission ( INEC). In the said letter it was alleged that our party failed to notify the Commission of the Adhoc Delegates' Congress which the party conducted across the 326 wards in Anambra State on the 15th and 16th of June 2021 respectively. We wish to state categorically that the above position of the Commission is not in line with the dictates of Section 85(1) of the Electoral Act 2010 as Amended, as well as a plethora of judicial authorities in that regard. Our party duly complied with requisite statutory notices envisaged under the Electoral Act 2010, as Amended as well as other requirements clearly outlined by INEC in its Regulations and Guidelines for the conduct of political party primary elections published by INEC. In line with the said INEC Regulations and Guidelines, our great party undertook the following procedural steps, to wit; 1) Publication of Timetable/Schedule of activities. 2) Statutory Notice of Primary Election dated the 26th of May, 2021 as envisaged under Section 85(1) of the Electoral Act. 3) Conduct of Ad hoc Delegates' Election across the 326 wards of Anambra State as envisaged under Section 87(7) of the Electoral Act. 4) Submission of the list of democratically-elected Ad hoc Delegates to the Commission in line with Articles 4.5.1 and 4.5.2 of the INEC Regulations and Guidelines for the Conduct of Political Parties primaries; as well as other relevant procedural steps/ requirements. Undoubtedly, our great party, as a responsible entity, has never defaulted in complying with requisite procedural requirements for the nomination of its candidate in the past and will not begin now. We wish to reassure our esteemed party faithful, stakeholders and, indeed, the general public that our great party is fully prepared to conduct its Governorship Primary Election already slated to hold on 23rd of June 2021. Finally, we urge all our members and supporters to continue to pray fervently for the party as we enter the final stages of the successful nomination of our candidate for the November 6, 2021 Governorship Election in Anambra State. Barr. Tex Okechukwu, National Publicity Secretary, APGA 
Commentary: Maintaining Zoning In Anambra Governorship Race
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-22 07:08:33CategoriesColumnist The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor, recently threw his weight behind the zoning arrangement towards the governorship race in Anambra State. Bishop Ezeofor urged governorship aspirants, who are not from Anambra South Senatorial District, to withdraw from the race in the interest of equity and justice. The prelate warned political gladiators not to truncate the zoning arrangement, instituted to accommodate other zones in order to give them a sense of belonging.
There is no doubt that one of the determining factors of who wins the election is the political concept of zoning. The zoning system has generated a great debate from all sides of the divide.
Those championing the course see it as a panacea to all forms of political wranglings. To them, it is a gateway to douse the overheated polity and an escape route to enthrone equity, justice and fairness. Others see zoning as a clause in the nation’s constitution. However, apart from the merits and demerits, there is still sense in the zoning arrangement.
Let us take Anambra North Senatorial Zone as case study. For many years, the zone had not produced a governor, as it had been a change of political baton between the Anambra Central and South Senatorial Zones.
In view of this lopsidedness, the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) flew the zoning system kite and gave the coveted trophy to its Anambra North candidate, Chief Willie Obiano. Without that arrangement, Anambra North would have remained in the political limbo of marginalization and injustice.
Notably, this influenced the voting pattern in the 2017 Governorship Election and put paid to all other political permutations and obstinate narrow mindedness.
As the November 6 Governorship Election draws nearer, political analysts believe that APGA would perform the magic as in 2017 again, if their governorship flag bearer comes from the South. APGA’s zoning political arrangement seems to have melted the strong resolve of other parties, which may not key into this political ideology. This may be the undoing of other parties who may choose to field candidates from other zones.
To all intents and purposes, no party would be foolhardy or too head strong to field a non-southerner, as the political key players along the divides in the three Senatorial Zones may not agree to such a backing that may introduce marginalization in the polity.
Like Bishop Ezeofor said, Governorship aspirants, who are not from the South Senatorial Zone, should honourably quit the stage, no matter how relevant, competent, patriotic or qualified he or she may be. If this is not done, the voting pattern may attract protest votes, making non-Southern candidates to fall like pack of cards in the political power play of the Governorship race.
After all said and done, it may not be too surprising that politicians and various stakeholders have been agitating that their zone should produce the next governor. Those from the South Senatorial Zone should tread carefully to pick the right candidate to avoid a situation of protest votes in the zone.
There are so many billionaire political juggernauts in the three Senatorial Zones jostling for the Government House in Awka. For now, all the three senatorial zones have had the chance of governing the State.
But, this does not go to show that the zoning system will be thrown overboard. This is a job to be fine turned by the Anambra State Elders Council, Stakeholders and political analysts. God bless His people.
US Consulate To Launch ‘Windows On America’ At UNIZIK
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-22 07:05:59CategoriesState The United States of America is set to launch one of its "Windows on America" at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka. The United States' Consulate’s Public Affairs Officer, Mr. Stephen Ibelli, disclosed this in a special edition of "Nzuko Anambra", a flagship radio/television programe of the Anambra Broadcasting Service Awka.  Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that "Windows on America" are free spaces that offer services to students to learn about how to study in the United States, as well as how to apply for scholarships to study abroad with the provision of free libraries, online courses and trainings on resume writing, jobs and interview skills among other benefits. According to Mr. Ibelli, the hubs would be launched in Awka, Enugu and Benin City, with the Anambra hub designated at the Postgraduate Studies Department of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka. According to him, they will also launch the Morehouse College extension at the University of Nigeria, Nsukka.  Mr. Ibelli, who described Nigerians as one of the most dominant immigrant groups in the US, with thirteen thousand Nigerian studying in the US each year, said that both nations share diverse cultural uniqueness. On opportunities for Nigerians, especially students, in the United States, the United States' Consulate Public Affairs Officer said that the country offers a lot of opportunities for Nigerians, who wish to live or pursue their education abroad, with information available onNg.usembassy.gov orTravel.state.gov. He also directed interested applicants to visit "Opportunity Funds" for scholarship opportunities for students from low income backgrounds.  Earlier while receiving the US diplomat and his team in his office, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah said that he was hopeful that the partnership between the US team and Anambra State would be productive. Dr. Nworah also said that it would be nice to have a similar project as the Morehouse College in one of the higher institutions in the state, and also commended the team for coming to Anambra State at such a crucial period. Some of those, who called in on the programe including Mr. Nzube Achebe and Engineer Chudi Okeke, described the program as informing and educative and asked, related questions. 
Coalition Of Concerned APGA Members Reaffirms Support For Party National Chairman Oye
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-22 07:01:50CategoriesState Coalition of Concerned All Progressives Grand Alliance has re-affirmed their unalloyed support for the National Chairman of the party, Dr. Victor Oye and his National Working Committee members. The Coalition made this known during a Press briefing in Awka. Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that the stakeholders, who spoke through their spokesman, Comrade Ossy Onuko said that they remain much committed to the development and continued advancement of the ideologies of their party, as bequeathed to them by their supreme leader, Dim Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu. They noted that the mantra, "Onye Aghana Nwanneya" shall continue to shape the actions and inactions of APGA members both in the time of peace and perceived crisis. According to the coalition, just like every other political party, APGA has its own issues, even as they advised all aggrieved party members to subscribe to party's internal mechanisms of conflict resolution and not fall prey to the antics of opposition elements, whose only aim, is to destabilize the party and win the forthcoming Anambra gubernatorial election. In their various remarks, the transition committee chairman, Awka South Council Area, Mr. Leo Nwuba and his Aguata counterpart, Mr. Eche Ezeibe maintained that the party under the leadership of Dr. Oye will not allow political jobbers to disrupt the party, which they described as the last hope of common man. They commended Governor Willie Obiano for his good works in the state, especially the near completion of some landmark projects. 
Voter Registration:  INEC Sensitizes Media Executives On Use Of Voter Enrollment Device
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-22 06:59:34CategoriesNigeria The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, is presently drilling media executives on how to use the commission's newly introduced Voter Enrollment Device, which will aid the Continuous Voter Registration scheduled to commence nationwide next Monday. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that the National Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, in a welcome address, said the introduction of a portal for Nigerians to begin registration online at the comfort of their homes before completing the exercise at designated centers is to make the Continuous Voter Registration exercise easier while centers remain decongested.  He pledged the commitment of the commission to continue to deepening the use of technology in the electoral process so as to ensure free and fair elections in the country, Professor Yakubu thanked the media for remaining supportive of the Commission's initiatives saying that such supports have increased the successes recorded. Speaking, the National President of the Nigeria Union of journalists, NUJ, Comrade Chris Isiguzo, while expressing  satisfaction that previous engagements are yielding positive results, appreciated the Commission for carrying the media along even as he commended the INEC for beginning what he termed, the process of a digitized electoral process.  Comrade Isiguzo admitted that online registration will go a long way in checkmating political actors, who believe money can solve all problems. 
60,000 People To Benefit From NG -CARES In Anambra State
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-22 06:53:50CategoriesState About sixty thousand people in Anambra State would benefit from the Nigeria COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus, NG-CARES, programme expected to commence soon in the State. The programme, designed by the Federal Government and the World Bank, was put together to help cushion the harsh impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the county’s economy. Anambra State Commissioner for Economic Planning, Budget and Development Partners, Mr Mark Okoye, disclosed this shortly after receiving an assessment and advisory team led by Dr Martina Nwodu, a Director in the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. He noted that during the pandemic, eight to ten million people were put into abject poverty, leading to increase in unemployment and poverty rates, as well as loss of people’s means of livelihood across the country. The Commissioner maintained that there will be at least eight thousand beneficiaries from the food security and productivity aspect, twenty thousand farmers and youths, from the Small and Meduim Enterprises, adding that over fifty to sixty thousand people will benefit coming years. 
COVID -19: Anambra Govt Creates Super Sites For Free  Counseling
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-22 06:49:50CategoriesState Anambra state government has positioned itself to fight the impact of COVID-19 especially among the most vulnerable communities.   To this extent government has created super sites in all the communities to enable the people get free counseling from health workers.   This was made known by the Local government Immunization Officer, for Idemili North Local Government Area, Mrs Caroline Uzochukwu-Ekweozor, when she took COVID-19 advocacy visit to Saint Alphonsus Catholic Church, Nkpor where Knights of Saint John's International were holding their meeting.   Mrs Uzochukwu-Ekweozor explained to the group how the state government has brought quality health care to doorsteps of people, with innovative approach in the start-up of second jab of COVID-19 vaccination exercises.   She said that time had gone when people were virtually locked up in their homes due to the restrictions put in place to stop spread of Corona virus.   The Local Immunization Officer during the advocacy visit administered the first dose of vaccination to over seventeen Knights and their wives.   Participants in the meeting which include Reverend Fathers expressed delight with what Governor Willie Obiano has done for the state.   In his contribution, Sir Boniface Ogbonna, who was among those that received their first dose expressed gratitude to the government, especially the Anambra primary health care sector as well as the media for creating more awareness on the vaccine and advised the public to key into the exercise as it has to do with life and also prayed that everyone should understand the importance of the vaccine.   Sir Sam Ezechukwu commended  Governor Willie Obiano's efforts in making Anambra free from COVID-19 pandemic that is raising dust all over the world.   The UNICEF officer Mrs Franca Madike, later went round Idemili North super and ordinary sites, where same testimonies of compliance were recorded. 
Insecurity: Obiano  Commends Enugwu - Ukwu Community For Holding Prayer Sessions For Anambra, Nigeria
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-22 06:46:00CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has commended  Enugwu-Ukwu community in Njikoka Local Government Area for setting the pace in praying for Anambra state and Nigeria in this trying time of insecurity across the nation. Governor Obiano gave the commendation during the last day of a three week fasting and prayers organized by Ndi Enugwu-Ukwu at Obu-Umunri Civic Center, to seek divine intervention on issues bordering the community, Anambra state, and Nigeria in general.   Government House Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the three weeks fasting and prayers organized by the Enugwu-Ukwu Development Union for the community, which attracted men, women and youths of the community in their numbers was also aimed at asking for divine mercy, and as well to give thanks to God for His faithfulness upon the community so far.  Addressing the people, Governor Obiano represented by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke commended Ndi Enugwu-Ukwu for taking the bold step to address challenges facing the community, Anambra state, and Nigeria in the recent past, especially as it concerns insecurity, calling on other communities in the state to emulate them.   The Governor who attributed the recent social unrests across Nigeria to the inability of political office holders to live up to expectation, urged leaders at all levels to have a rethink and do what is right at all times in order to restore peace and sanity in the country.   In their various speeches, the Traditional Ruler of Enugwu-Ukwu community, Igwe Ralph Ekpeh, and the President General of the community, Comrade Boniface Ozornkwuaku appreciated people of the community for their active participation in the prayers, encouraging them to embrace brotherly love and unity for more development and peace in the community.   Earlier in a homely, the Parish Priest of St. Theresa Catholic Church Enugwu-Ukwu, Reverend Father Johnpaul Chukwulobe who spoke on the topic, "Faith and Good Work", reminded Christians that they cannot survive in this end time without prayers, and asked them to always match their prayers with faith and good works for positive outcome. 
Philanthropist Lady Juliet Anieme Marks Birthday In Colour At Ozubulu, Ekwusigo Council Area
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-06-22 06:40:02CategoriesState A philanthropist and woman leader, Lady Juliet Anieme, has marked her birthday at Eziora village Ozubulu Ekwusigo Council Area.   Correspondent, Odinaka Nwolisa who covered the cerebration reports that the colourful birthday party celebrated with pump and pageantry attracted personalities including the political class.   The celebrant was surrounded by friends, well-wishers, relatives and groups, who came to share in her joy.   According to some guests, the birthday worths celebrating, describing the celebrant as a worthy daughter of remarkable repute.  Felicitations and messages bear testimonies of her prospects in advancing the course of humanity.   Describing her as a benefactor and specimen of excellence, a guest , Prince Ok Nwosu while wishing  her more fruitful years ahead, prayed for longevity to enable her actualize her dreams and desires   In an interview, the celebrant who recounted her life journey expressed gratitude to God for the feats attained so far, appreciating those who came to rejoice with her   For members of United Business Women Association of Nigeria and Diaspora led by their Coordinator, Mrs Nkechi Okolie, the celebrant has remained a pillar of support and advocate of gender inequality wished her well.  Individuals and groups took turns to offer prayers and birthday wishes including members of National Forum for South East Presidency led by the National President, Dr Patrick Enuneku, prayed God to strengthen her for more exploits   Cutting of birthday cake, presentation of gifts and dance by the celebrant featured at the event.  
Anambra State Govt Suspends Town Union, Igweship Elections
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-22 06:34:16CategoriesState Anambra state government has suspended all Town Union and Igweship elections and matters arising therefrom in Anambra state till further notice.   A release signed by the Anambra state commissioner for Local Government Chieftaincy and Community Affairs, Mr Greg Obi, states that the suspension is with immediate effect.   According to the release, this decision by government is in line with the practice over the years to effect such suspension before major elections.   He advised them to be guided accordingly and ensure strict compliance. 
Commentary: Beefing Up Security In Anambra State
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-21 06:45:59CategoriesColumnist Mae West once said that you live only once, but if you do it right, once is enough. And the purpose of our lives is to be happy because life is a beautiful journey that is meant to be embraced to the fullest every day. However, that does not mean you have to wake up ready to seize the day and sometimes need a reminder that life is a great gift. Life brings us as many joyful moments as it does downfalls, and although there are days we wish there was a manual to follow, it simply wouldn’t be the same without the spontaneity.
That is why it marveled every rational thinker when a video went viral last week claiming that the controversial Bakassi Boys are back in Awka. The report sent shivers down the spines of many disgruntled elements.
 Anambra State government has, however, quickly corrected that the report was far from the truth. In a release signed by Mr. C. Don Adinuba, Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment, he assured that Anambra State remains the safest state in the country.
To put the record straight, the people innocently confused with Bakassi Boys’ return to the state is a noble effort of some Awka indigenes to fish out cultists in the community who have attempted to capitalize on the inadequate number of policemen on patrol in the town in the last few months to fight themselves with dangerous weapons. The fights among cultists resulted in some casualties.
Awka youth, appalled by the sad development in their peaceful hometown, decided to fish out the cultists from their residences and hideouts. Notably, Security is the chief enemy of mortals. We live in a world that has walls and those walls need to be guarded by men with guns.
 Hence, the amateur video quickly concluded that the outfit was the Bakassi Boys. The hysterical postulation is far from the truth.
However, any person who watches the video to the end would certainly see two vans which belong to the Anambra Vigilante Group right in the scene. No fair-minded person can mistake the Anambra Vigilante Group for the unorthodox security outfit which was outlawed several years ago.
Whereas Bakassi Boys used to arrest suspects, tried them within minutes and executed them in broad daylight in a most savage manner, the AVG is a modern security outfit created by law. It neither tries nor sentences suspects.
A stickler for due process, the AVG cannot tolerate lawlessness. It works in close collaboration with the traditional ruler and President-General of each of the 179 communities in the state but also the Nigeria Police Force. In fact, the AVG chairman is Mr Ikechukwu Aduba, a fantastic gentleman, author and historian who used to be an excellent police commissioner.
The people and Government of Anambra State are proud of the record of security agencies in the state which have substantially overcome the challenges of the last few months.
Ndi Anambra State should go about their normal businesses. Anambra State is peaceful and calm. There is no Bakassi Boys security outfit in Awka or any other part of our beloved state. Understandably, if you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
The existing security agencies are doing their best to protect us. Security is not the absence of danger, but the presence of God, no matter what the danger; for unless the Lord watches over the city, the watchman watches in vain.
The good we secure for ourselves is precarious and uncertain until it is secured for all of us and incorporated into our common life. And those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety. If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. Governor Willie Obiano has shown that Anambra is a no go area for criminals.
WRITTEN BY COMRADE OBI OCHIJE
Anambra Youths Association In Abuja Passes Vote Of Confidence On Obiano
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-06-21 06:42:41CategoriesNigeria Anambra Youths Association  in  Abuja has passed a vote of confidence on Governor Willie Obiano for his giant strides in developing the state. Ekwi Ajide of our Abuja bureau reports that the association passed the vote when they visited Anambra State liaison officer, Mrs. Agatha Manafa in her office at Abuja. Addressing the youths, Mrs. Manafa, harped on the need for them to have associations they can fall back on in times of trouble especially in the FCT and urged them to be good ambassadors of the state wherever they find themselves.  According to Mrs. Manafa, a viable youth organization of the state extraction in the FCT will assist her office identify indigenes for even distribution of democracy dividends. She encouraged them to keep the flag flying as leaders of tomorrow and as the hope of the nation, they must always do things that will contribute to the development of the country. Earlier in his speech, the leader of the group, Mr. Festus Agbazue, commended Governor Obiano for what he is doing in the state especially the Anambra International Passenger/Cargo Airport, which he described as a landmark project that will lift the people out of poverty through the creation of direct and indirect jobs. He said posterity will be fair to the governor for initiating a project that even generations yet unborn will benefit from.  The group said they had come to intimate the liaison officer about their youth summit coming up next month, which is aimed at engaging Anambra youths on the need to jettison all forms of thuggery and violence during the elections. 
Church Of Nigeria Anglican Communion Celebrates Fathers' Sunday
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-06-21 06:39:42CategoriesState Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion has  mark fathers sunday to celebrate fathers.
The day was set aside to celebrate and honour fathers for their roles in the family and society and also to  redirect and remind them of some areas they  have gone astray.
Religion Correspondent, Amaka Chibuzor Okoye monitored the services  and reports that while
addressing the fathers, the Archbishop Eccliastical Province Of The Niger, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim who is also the Bishop Of Awka Diocese said fathers should emulate fathers of the yore who worked tirelessly to see the progress, wellbeing and training of their wards as well ensure they're rooted in Christ so as to become ambassadors of the society.

Most Reverend Ibezim whose message was read by the Archdeacon, Agulu Group Of Churches and Vicar Saint Stephen's Church, Agulu, Venerable Silas Ike on the theme' Joseph The Carpenter: A Role Model' encouraged fathers to hold onto prayer to overcome life challenges.
The Archdeacon,Adazi-Ani, Archdeaconry and Vicar Saint Jude's Church, Adazi-Ani, Venerable Chris  Okafor frowned at  the way some men ran away from their responsibility thereby championing single parenting stressing that fathers should live up to their calling  of parenting as was seen in the life of biblical Joseph to instil discipline,love, peace and togetherness in their families.

At Saint John's Church,Okpuno, the Vicar, Reverend Canon Onyeka Egwuonwu called on father's to inculcate wisdom,fear of God and sanity in the life of their wards as it is not only the duty of a wife to train them,  lamenting that many couples  insult each other in the presence of their  children and wards.
In their seperate speeches,some of the fathers including Sir Silas Ejide, Obum Ezeaku ,Dr Chijioke Umezue and Beaneth Ugoagu urged  fathers to continue to support, exercise their authority and above all eschew social life which triggers division and collapse of marriage, praying God to bless them all.

The services of the day was run by the fathers including  Pastor's warden,sidesmen,bible readings and others while serious prayers were offered for peaceful families and thanksgiving climaxed the services.
UAE Lifts Travel Ban On Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-21 06:35:44CategoriesNigeria United Arab Emirates has lifted its travel ban on Nigeria, announcing that it would resume flights into the country on Wednesday this week. A statement from Dubai Media Office said passengers from Nigeria are expected to have received a negative result for a PCR test taken within forty-eight hours before departure. Passengers are also expected to present a negative PCR test certificate with a QR code from laboratories approved by the Nigerian government, while also undergoing same test upon arrival at the Dubai airport. Emirates Airlines in a statement said it welcomes the latest protocols and measures announced by Dubai’s Supreme Committee of Crisis and Disaster Management to allow the safe resumption of passenger travel from South Africa, Nigeria and India to Dubai. 
IPAN Women  Stage  Peaceful Protest Against Violence, Killings
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-21 06:31:35CategoriesState The women wing of a Nongovernmental Organization, "Igbos for a Progressive Nigeria", IPAN, has staged a peaceful protest at Amawbia, Awka South council area, against violence, wanton killings and maiming of innocent souls in Anambra state and Nigeria in general.   The women led by the National Woman Leader of the group,  Mrs Juliet Ezenwosu, in the company of the IPAN National President, Mr Lawrence Onuzulike, kicked off the protest at Amawbia traffic light axis and terminated it at Amawbia round about.   Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that during the protest, the women were seen with placards with inscriptions like, "We Need Peace", "Stop Violence", "Stop Killings", among other write-ups that call for peace and unity in Anambra and Nigerian Nation at large.  Addressing the press shortly after the protest, the IPAN National Woman Leader, Mrs Ezenwosu on behalf of the women, expressed their concerns over the continuous killing and shedding of innocent blood across Nigeria, condemning the act in its entirety, and called for love and unity amongst Nigerians, especially the Igbos.   On her part, a member of the group, Mrs. Mabel Daniel, reminded politicians in Anambra state that nothing is worth the human blood, asking them to embrace peace and spirit of sportsmanship in the forthcoming gubernatorial election in the state.  Also speaking, the IPAN National President, Mr Onuzulike while calling for the spirit of oneness among Ndi Igbo, reminded the tribe that killing and violence of all sorts are alien to the tribe and encouraged leaders at all levels in Nigeria to devise a means of bringing the recent unrests in the country to a permanent end.   Officers and men of the Nigerian Police Force accompanied the group on the exercise to maintain law and order. 
Anambra Govt Approves Establishment Of 110 Additional DOTs
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-21 06:28:07CategoriesState Anambra State Government has approved the establishment of one hundred and ten additional Directly Observed Treatments (DOTS) Centres for Tuberculosis (TB) patients to reduce the burden of the disease. The new centres would bring to six hundred and ninety, the number of TB Centres in the state from an initial five hundred and eighty. Dr Ugochukwu Chukwulobelu, Programme Manager, Anambra Tuberculosis, Leprosy and Buruli Ulcer Management, said this in an interview with newsmen in his office at the Jerome Udoji Secretariat, Awka. The medical practitioner said the increase in the TB-DOTS centres would ensure easy access and sustained intervention measures aimed at eliminating the scourge of TB in the state. He noted that when it comes to TB, Anambra is one of the high burdened states in the country and it was estimated that one in every ten residents in the state has TB, also in the last quarter of 2020; they diagnosed one thousand and two new cases. Dr. Chukwulobelu said the Governor Willie Obiano led-administration and its  partners recognised this problem and that was the reason they were investing in the establishment of more TB-DOTS centres across the state. He explained that DOTS were centres for testing and treatment of TB to reduce the number of cases, and also where healthcare workers observe patients as they take their medicine. He further said that the test and diagnosis are free; treatment is also free and people need not travel far to get diagnosed or treated for TB. The programme manager described TB as an airborne disease caused by bacteria, called mycobacterium tuberculosis, which usually attacked the lungs and could also damage other parts of the body. According to him, it spreads through the air when a personwith tuberculosis of the lungs or throat coughs, sneezes or talks. The medical expert pointed that TB is treatable and curable if detected early and it may lead to death if not detected and treated early and this is why they want to equip people with the right knowledge to avoid casualties from TB cases. Persistent coughs for two weeks or more may be due to TB and needs to be further investigated; residents are advised to report suspected cases of TB within their communities. 
Jude Nwankwo Reelected President General Of Building Materials International Market Ogidi, Idemili North Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-21 06:26:49CategoriesState The incumbent President General of Building Materials International Market Ogidi, Chief Jude Nwankwo has polled nine hundred and fifty-two votes to returned re-elected as the President-General of the market union.   The election held at the Market complex, Ogidi, Idemili North Local Government Area was officiated by the Anambra State Market Associations, ASAMATA and the State Ministry of Trade and Commerce. To ensure a free, fair, transparent and credible exercise, the election was preceded with submission and accreditation of the registers of all the lines that make up the Market, which contains, the names of their eligible members.  Speaking before the election, Elder Nathan Esiodu reminded aspirants that every stewardship is being recorded and as such, all should endeavor to lead in the fear of God and come up with initiatives that will be of good benefit to the people. While thanking the members of the Market for the massive support given to his leadership in the first tenure,  Mr. Nwankwo equally thanked Governor Willie Obiano for increasing support to the Market including provision of security which he said made them enjoy peace and tranquility in the Market, adding that the successful election marks the celebration of peace and love in the market.  For the Director of Trade and Commerce in the State Ministry of Trade and Commerce, Mr. Frank Ilodiba, President of ASMATA, Sir Ikechukwu Ekwegbalu represented by the Chairman, Anambra State Market Board, Mr. Onwuteaka Ezechukwu and Anambra State Electoral Chairman of ASMATA, Chief. Sam Emeka, the coordination of the Market leadership, which made the conduct of a free, fair and credible election possible should be commended. For a contestant, Chief Longinus Ayanso, who lost election for the post of a Public Relations Officer, the new Executives should discharge their duties in love and togetherness,  assuring of his continued support, while the new Woman Leader of the Market, Mrs. Juliet China who expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the election called for a better representation of women in next election.  Correspondent, Chibuzo Obidike reports that the New Executive Committee has Chief Nwankwo as  President-General, Sir Cyril Ugwuja as Vice President, while the Secretary-General is Ikechukwu Nwakor. Others are  Odili Ndukaoba, Assistant Secretary , Olivia Analike, Financial Secretary, Uzoma Onyemachi Treasurer, while the office of the Public Relations Officers went to Julius Akwubuo. The Executive Committee has a leadership tenure of four years. 
Aguleri - Umueri For Peace Forum Restates Resolve To Entrench Enduring Peace, Promote Love
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-21 06:18:26CategoriesState Aguleri-Umueri for Peace Forum has commended Governor Willie Obiano for positively transforming the socioeconomic development of Anambra state.   The group whose main purpose and aim is to restore peace and unity in both Communities said that peace remains the only way to have a progressive society.   Speaking to Newsmen in Awka, the Chairman, Aguleri-Umueri For Peace Forum, Comrade Peter Chinedu who said that they want to see to an end, the incessant crisis between both Communities, commended Governor Obiano for building legacy projects in the State, especially the Anambra International Passenger and Cargo Airport, Umueri, International Conference Centre Awka as well as Awka Township Stadium.   The group vowed to deploy all available resources to ensure that peace is maintained in the area, and that brotherly love which the two communities were hitherto known for is restored.   They urged indigenes of both Communities to welcome the peace that has returned to their Communities.   Also speaking, the Vice chairman of the group, Mr. Anthony Chukwuma, said that they have planned a number of peace and unity events, including non-denominational prayer rally among others, as way of bringing a lasting peace among the two Communities. 
Stakeholders Seek Govt Intervention  In Land Tussle  In  Ogwari Nsugbe Community, Oyi Council Area
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-20 06:01:29CategoriesState Ogwari, Nsugbe Community in Anambra East Council Area, has drawn the attention of the Anambra state government and the public to the lingering land issue in their community.
ABS Correspondent, Ejike Abana who visited the land in question, reports that the land tussle has ignited violence, degenerating to pockets of destruction in the area.
The land in contention called Nka land is about  sixty four thousand and seventy nine acres.
Narrating his own account, a community leader from Ogwari,  Mr. Ikechukwu Ibesi-Udeze explained that the land was leased by Ogwari to a former Traditional Ruler of Nsugbe, Igwe J.C. Anyansi in February 19, 1963, duly signed by elders as at that the time, pointing out that the last time the Igwe paid for the lease on the said land was in 1974, while the lease agreement terminated in 1982.

He added that in 1983, a letter was written to Igwe Anyansi, communicating him that Ogwari had taken back their land, to which he agreed and affirmed in writing, after which it was handed over to Egwuatu family  of Ogwari for farming purposes.
According to him, the land was later sold in error to one Hyginus Ufele, who  later came to Ogwari and ratified his right of occupancy with the community in 2005.
Mr. Ibesi-Udeze further alleged that to their amazement, some people started to  sell parcels of the the land without the knowledge and consent of rightful owners of the land, advising those who purportedly bought the lands to stop further development as  the matter is already in court.

Also speaking, seventy eight years old Mrs. Obiageli  Egbuche who introduced herself as the first daughter of late Egwuatu, Chief  Charles Ika, son of Raphael Ika who was part of the signatories and the Chairman, National Executive Committee of Ogwari Community, Chief James Nzekwesiliobi, corroborated Mr. Ibesi-Udeze's narrative, calling on those who allegedly encroached on the land, to vacate immediately.
Speaking to the ABS on phone one Emeka Ojukwu who introduced himself as Chairman of Landlords' Association in Egwuatu Estate, claimed that they conducted investigation before purchasing the land, as his house is already about six years old, revealing that on the 3rd day of April, 2021, groups of people invaded the estate, threatened them and destroyed some property which prompted them to take legal actions.

Also speaking on phone, Mr. Perry Wikky who said he is the eldest beneficiary of the estate alleged that there is a will in thier family with registered survey plan, proving their late grand father as the actual buyer of the land.
While dissociating themselves from the activities of Ibesi-Udeze and others, the National Chairman of Ogwari Community, Engineer Okey Dibua, accompanied by some elders of the community, countered some of the things said by Ibesi-Udeze and claimed that the land in question is jointly owned by Agbalagbu and Ogwari.
In their reactions ,the Chairman Agbalagbu Land Management Committee Chief  Ifeanyichukwu Tabugbo and Vice Chairman, Ogwari Land Management Committee, Pastor Achuwa Ifejika, reiterated that there is no problem between Agbalagbu and Ogwari, stressing that whoever is dealing with individual does so at his  own peril.
They advised people who they described as land speculators to stop henceforth and wait till the matter is decided in court.
Joseph Onuorah Foundation Hands Over New Classroom Block To CSS Ndiowu, Orumba North Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-06-20 06:00:28CategoriesState A Nongovernmental Organization, Joseph Onuorah Foundation, has handed over a newly built Classroom block to Community Secondary School Ndiowu, Orumba-North Local Government Area.   The building, which is a legacy project of the Foundation, is aimed at supporting education needs of students in the area.   Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that while handing over the building to the School, the Founder of the Foundation, Honourable Joseph Onuorah, who said that the Foundation, which is fully registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission, focuses on education, youth empowerment and entrepreneurship, revealed that the classrooms block was built to help the students in their learning career, as well as achieve their aims in life.  Honourable Onuorah said they had before now, trained and empowered some youths, paid school fees, WAEC and JAMB fees for students of the area, and assured that the Foundation will continue to assist less privileged people in the Society.   The Principal of the School, Lady Ekeoma Veronica, represented by the Vice Principal, Academics, Lady Cordelia Nwabuike, thanked the Foundation for their humanitarian gesture and described the Founder as one of the greatest Ndiowu stakeholders who love their people with passion.  The Parents Teachers Association Chairman of the School, Ogbuevi Chukwunonso Onwuka eulogized Honourable Onuorah for all his benevolence and urged other members of the Community to emulate him and his Foundation.   Two students of the School, Messrs Chukwuebuka Obasi and Ibe Chioma Cynthia who said that their joy knew no bounds prayed God to bless their benefactor.   The event attracted Government official members of Ndiowu Town Union, friends and well-wishers among others and climaxed with the official commissioning and handing over of the building to the School Management, prayers from the students for Joseph Onuorah Foundation and musical interlude.   
National Human Rights Commission Commends Anambra Govt For Intervention Against Harmful Traditional Practices
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-06-20 05:59:40CategoriesState National Human Rights Commission, Anambra State Chapter has commended the Anambra State Government for its timely intervention against harmful traditional practices in the State. The Commission gave the commendation while reacting to the visit of the Anambra State Commissioner for Social Welfare, Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, and her Information and Public Enlightenment counterpart, Mr C Don Adinuba, to Asomugha family in Ihiala, following a reported attempt to re-enact harmful traditional practice in the area. Anambra State Co-ordinator of the Commission, Mrs. Nkechi Ugwuanyi, conveyed the satisfactory remarks in Awka.  A member of Asomugha family, Mr. Friday, and some elders in the community, including the President-General of Ezike-Chima People’s Assembly Ihiala, Mr Pius Nwabuikwu and Mr Ossy Agums, who described the practice as obnoxious, denied the report that trended on the social media, saying that their late brother's widow was not subjected or mandated to indulge in such practice, instead, it was a statement made out of anger by a relative, when the widow returned home for burial of her husband without her four children, which led to angry outbursts. They explained that the burial went ahead successfully without any hitches and in full participation of the widow, Mrs Chioma Asomugha.  While calling for peace, after listening to the affected family members, the Commissioner for Social Welfare, Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue pleaded with them to forgive each other, adding that whatever led to such obnoxious practice being mentioned should be settled amicably. Addressing his kinsmen, the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment Mr C. Don Adinuba, pleaded with both parties to desist from any act capable of bringing the image of the community and Anambra State to disrepute and urged them to make peace in order to attract prosperity to the family and the community at large. Food items and beverages were later presented to the thirty-four year old widow and mother of four. 
Ohaneze Ndigbo Reaffirms Support For Zoning Of Anambra Governorship Seat To South Senatorial District
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-06-20 05:58:24CategoriesState Anambra State Chapter of Ohaneze Ndigbo has re-affirmed its support for the zoning of the Anambra State gubernatorial seat to the Anambra South Senatorial district. The organization made its stand known while concluding its town hall meeting on the zoning arrangement for the forthcoming Anambra State gubernatorial election at Aguleri in Anambra East Local Government Area.  Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that the Apex Igbo Socio-Cultural organization had on ninth and sixteenth of this Month visited Anambra South and Central Senatorial Districts respectively with same zoning message and yesterday concluded their tour with Anambra North Senatorial District. The State President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Prince Emeka Udodeme in his opening remark stated that the zoning arrangement which the Traditional Rulers Council, Anambra State Association of Town Union a and Anambra State Elders Council had endorsed has the full support of Ohanaeze for the greater good of the State.  The meeting attracted many traditional rulers from the zone including the traditional ruler of Nteje, Igwe Roland Odegbo and his Umueri counterpart, Igwe Ben Emeka who maintained that Ohanaeze is in line with the resolve of the Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council under the leadership of Obi Alfred Achebe, of Onitsha. On his part, the Vice President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene who commended Governor Willie Obiano for his zeal to sustain the initiative said that system will enthrone even and peaceful distribution of power and resources in an attempt to fast -track economic growth and development.  The motion for the adoption of the communiqué at the meeting as a working document of the organization was moved by Chief Beneath Chinweze and was seconded by Mr Uchenna Otagbo. The ASATU National President, Chief Titus Akpudo and the Leader of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Anambra State Youth Wing Mazi Chukwuma Okpalaezeukwu in their separate remarks also threw their weight behind the zoning arrangement. 
Late Maria Okonkwo Laid To Rest At Nibo, Awka South Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-20 05:57:29CategoriesState The Okonkwo family in Ezeawulu village, Nibo, Awka South Local Government Area, has been joined by friends and well-wishers in paying last respect to their mother, Late  Mrs Maria Okonkwo, who died at the age of seventy-five, leaving behind eight sons and daughters in-laws to mourn her demise.   The funeral rites drew government officials, industrialists, business moguls, politicians, members of the academic community and people from all walks of life.   In a homily, an indigenous priest, Reverend Father Francis Nwachukwu pointed out that God through his son, Jesus Christ, has paid the ultimate price for all and as such, made salvation available for all mankind.  He reminded all that everyone will reap the fruit of his or her labour, as nothing is hidden from God, irrespective of social status.   In his condolence message to the bereaved family, the President General of Nibo Community, Engineer Innocent Akuvue said the Okonkwo family has been of great support to the Community from the days of their late father, and prayed God to give them the fortitude to bear the loss, while asking for eternal repose of the deceased.  One of the deceased daughters in-law, Febisola, said the cordial relationship enjoyed with the deceased remains a treasure to her despite her western origin, and prayed God to grant her eternal rest.   Two of the deceased sons, Messrs Law and Emeka, described their mother as “Mother Theresa” whose humility and uprightness opened doors of success for the family and appreciated friends and well wishers for their show of solidarity.   In attendance at the funeral ceremony were the former Governor of Anambra State, Mr Peter Obi, Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, Anambra State Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Chief Uche Nworah, Principal Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, Sir Willie Nwokoye, Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Governor  Obiano, Mr. Emeka Ozumba, among numerous others.   Correspondent, Chibuzo Obidike reports that the Okonkwo family organized a week-long medical outreach for Nibo community to celebrate their late mother. 
Today Is Fathers' Day In Anglican Communion
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-20 05:56:46CategoriesState Christian Fathers of the Anglican extraction are today observing their day. It is a day set aside by the Anglican Church to honour Fathers and father figures. Fathers day which normally comes up on third Sunday in June is also being used to remind Fathers of their role as Head and Pastor of their various families. Special services will be held today in all the Anglican Churches to mark the event. The theme for this year’s event is Joseph the carpenter, Father of Jesus a role model. 
Old Girls Association Of Maria Regina Sec. School Nnewi Lauds Anambra Govt For Achievements In Education Sector
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-06-20 05:55:49CategoriesState The Old Girls Association of Maria Regina Secondary School, Nnewi, 1980 set, has commended the achievements of the Anambra State Government in Education sector.   The association gave the commendation when they paid a curtsey visit to the State Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha, who passed through the school in her formative years.   Speaking during the visit, the first Vice President of the Association, Mrs. Rose Ezeadikwa, said they came to give honour to whom it is due, as the Ministry headed by one of their own is doing well, given the numerous laurels won by Anambra State in various educational competitions.  Mrs. Ezeadikwa, who called on old students of different schools to form a strong union and support their Alma maters in various ways, commended the State Government for the support given to the Commissioner in achieving results.   Contributing, Mrs Tessy Nsofor, praised their late Principal, Reverend Sister Eucharia Anyaegbunam, for the impact and strong foundation laid for their success.   Responding, Commissioner Omenugha, thanked the association for the visit and thanked God for bringing them far in life, appreciating the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano for giving her Ministry the needed support to achieve results, especially during the COVID-19 era, when schools were closed and alternative learning process commenced in order to bridge the gap caused by the pandemic.   The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Barrister Nwando Obiano, also joined the Commissioner in welcoming her members during the visit, which climaxed with the presentation of Award plaque to the Commissioner and singing of their school anthem. 
Commentary: 2021 World Music Day
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-20 05:18:53CategoriesColumnist Tomorrow, Nigeria will join the global community to commemorate the World Music Day. It is celebrated every June twenty-first and originated in France in 1982. Since then, the idea has spread across the globe, for a world without music will have no meaning to many.
The purpose of World Music Day is to promote music by organizing concerts and events which are free to the public with a non-profit making objective, as well as to make all types of music accessible to the public.
Philosophers define music as a systematic organization of sounds in order to make a complete unit, which is pleasing to the ear, for if sound is not organized, it becomes noise. Besides, noise is anything that discomforts, disturbs and infringes an effective communication. Music is, therefore, a means by which people can share emotions, intentions and meanings, even though their spoken languages may be mutually incomprehensible.
Music can be used to influence people positively or negatively and can produce profound emotions within them. It can also generate variations of expressiveness by skilled composers and performers. Musicians, no doubt, are great thinkers, who discuss ideas and not people. They should therefore make their compositions emotionally and spiritually acceptable, capable of bringing relief, quietness of mind and happiness to people.
No wonder different organizations and persons use music for different purposes. Advertisers use music to promote their goods and service convincingly. Christians use gospel music to praise Almighty God in truth and in spirit. Others use traditional or cultural music to promote their language and culture, while some use secular music for entertainment.
However, no matter who writes, composes or performs music, it should be used to tune the spirit of people positively. By virtue of being a powerful means of communication, lyrics of any music and its spoken language should be critically examined and the message designed to educate, inform and entertain. Writers, Composers and Performers of all types of music should always pray for divine inspiration so that their music and performances will be generally accepted by their audience.
Musicians should not rush into music production for material gains only, but should be mindful of the fact that, if God has endowed one with a certain talent, one should use it to spread happiness, win souls for God and better the society.
Today’s musicians should emulate the likes of late Chief Stephen Osita Osadebe, late Sonny Okosun, the famous gospel music artists like Voice of the Cross, Late Rev. Patty Obasi, the old Oriental Brothers, Chief Morocco Maduka of Blessed Memory, Bright Chimezie, Late Bob Marley and a lot of other local and international musicians, whose works are inspirational, thought provoking & generally accepted.
It is suggested that any music that is immoral or has offensive remarks is noisy and therefore, should be banned to serve as deterrent to erring music writers and composers. The National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) and other music regulatory bodies should censor all music before their circulation. This will help curb immoral behavior in our society.
Music is a part of life. It is the key that opens all doors. According to Saint Augustine, “He who sings well, prays twice” and Shakespeare added that “If music be the food of life, play on and give me excess of it”.
Besides, Governor Willie Obiano, a music enthusiast, should be commended for bringing together the Pop starts of the 70’s in 2017, to appreciate them for their creative contributions to the happiness of the people and the growth of the economy.
Be part of this year’s World Music Day and let us celebrate the Universal language of music. Collaborate with friends and colleagues to make people happy through music and musical concerts. In agreement with this year’s theme, music in the intersections, let music be part of everything you do.
Let the music play on, but let it be good music
WRITTEN BY EZE ONWUJI 
Constitutional Review: Southeast Governors Ask National Assembly To Support Call For State Police
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-06-20 05:03:05CategoriesState The South-East Governors' Forum has appealed to the National Assembly  to back the agitation for state police  in  the  ongoing constitutional amendment in order to tackle the rising security challenges in different geopolitical zones of the country.
The Governors made the call after  a meeting in Enugu to discuss critical issues facing the region.
The meeting, attended by federal executive council members, religious leaders, traditional leaders and other political leaders in the zone , was sequel to recent consultation by the presidential delegation led by the Minister of Defence, Retired Major General Bashir Magashi, with Igbo leaders    geared towards putting an end to the security challenges facing the South East region.
In a communique after the meeting,  read  by the Chairman of South East Governors' Forum and Governor of Ebonyi State, Engineer David Umahi, the meeting discussed and articulated their position with Ndịgbo stakeholders in line with the proposal raised by the presidential team, stating that they have also set up a  committee to assist in that regard.
The Communique said that South East Governors believe in one united Nigeria  structured on  justice, equality  love and respect for one another.
It said the meeting condemned the killings of security operatives and destruction of security outfits in the South East region, and other states in the country, and threw their weight behind security agencies in the region to continue to discharge their duties lawfully.
They also appealed to lawmakers from the region to massively support the establishment of state police  in the ongoing constitutional amendments.
Some of those in attendance at the meeting were Governor of Enugu State, Right Honourable Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, that of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano represented by his Deputy, Dr. Nkem Okeke, Ministers led by the Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Nigige, former Deputy Senate President, Senator Ike Ekwelumadu, some leaders of the National Assembly, the National President of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Professor George Obiozor, the Catholic Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Paulinus Ezeokafor, former governors from the region and House of Assembly members from the region, among others.
The Fallen Zambian Leader, Kenneth Kaunda, was a Pan Africanist and Humanist of the Finest Hue, says Anambra Government as It Plans Prayers in Different Churches
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-19 07:04:52CategoriesState Kenneth Kaunda, who led Zambia to independence in 1964 and remained its president till 1991when he lost a multi-party election, was among the finest Pan-Africanists and humanists ever produced on the African continent, according to the Anambra State Government.   Kaunda died on Thursday, June 17, in a military hospital in Lusaka, age 97.   In a message to the Zambian High Commission in Abuja today signed by Governor Willie Obiano, the State Government compared Kaunda to the late Tanzanian leader, Julius Nyerere, for their love of humankind, especially Africans.   “Though each operated a one-party system, which was up to the early 1990s the fashion in much of Africa as a social engineering effort to promote national unity and integration on the continent, none used the system to oppress their opponents or exploit their countries”, Governor Obiano declared in the letter made available today to newsmen in Awka, the Anambra State capital by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba.   Describing both statesmen as among Pan Africanists inspired by Dr Nnamdi Azikiwe who led Nigeria to independence in 1960, Chief Obiano said both Kaunda and Nyerere were exemplary because of their commitment to humanism.   “They believed in the dignity of the human person and led their countries for decades without being tyrannical to their citizens regardless of creed, colour, gender, occupation or status”, according to the governor.   Chief Obiano recalled that it was easy to see Kaunda cry in public, which led critics to dub him the crying president.   “He was constantly moved to tears by the human condition, as exemplified by the apartheid system in South Africa which he fought with every fibre in him as a Frontline African president”, said the Anambra governor.   Chief Obiano revealed that when he ran into Kaunda in Abuja in 1998 in company of Sir Quett Masire, a former Botswana president who led his landlocked Southern African country to unprecedented prosperity, he lauded the erstwhile Zambian president for being a great humanist, adding: “I commended him in particular for his strong commitment to lessen the suffering of the Eastern Nigerian people during the 30-month Nigerian Civil War which ended in January, 1970”.   On the withdrawal of Kaunda’s Zambian citizenship by President Fredrick Chiluba who succeeded the Zambian founding president, Obiano said “it was a tragedy of colossal proportions, just as his disqualification from the presidential race in the 1990s and the spurious accusation that he was involved in a military coup plot.   “The good news is that he overcame these challenges with philosophical equanimity”.   Governor Obiano, who clinched the first prize in the essay competition organized by the American Embassy in 1974 among secondary school students throughout Nigeria, also praised Kaunda for his literary skills.   “On account of the literary heights attained by Zambia Shall Be Free, as well as the historical import and political significance of the book, Kaunda’s autobiography has remained for decades a recommended literature text for secondary school students by such bodies as the West African Examinations Council (WAEC) and Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB)”, stated the Anambra State chief executive.   “As students, we learned so much from this book, which was edited by a great son of Anambra State, Professor Chinua Achebe, under the Heinemann African Literary Series.   “There were a lot of students who knew about the gravity of apartheid and racial discrimination in Northern Rhodesia, as Zambia was then known, as a result of their reading this fine book.   “There were students whose knowledge of nationalism and Pan-Africanism deepened as a result of reading this book, and they have ever remained pan-African activists and advocates”.   The governor, made a Knight Commander of St Gregory on January 15, 2019, by Pope Francis at the Vatican City in Rome, pledged that his family would request special prayers from different churches in Anambra State for the repose of the soul of the former Zambian president “who did his best to ensure that Eastern Nigerians did not die en masse at a critical time in history. A friend in need is a friend indeed”.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
OPEC Moves To Consolidate On Achievements
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-06-19 06:47:43CategoriesNigeria The Secretary-General of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC Dr Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo says the Organization is committed to building on the progress already achieved in the stabilization of the International oil Market. Dr Sanusi Barkindo who stated this in an interview with Abuchi Nwozor assured Nigerians especially stakeholders in the energy industry of consolidation in the successes recorded in the oil sector in the interest of oil producers and the global economy. According to Dr Sanusi Barkindo OPEC has revised its global economic forecast up to five point five percent for 2021, and the oil demand growth forecast remains at six million barrels per day. According to him the majority of the demand is back loaded to the second half of 2021, as a backwardation structure remains in all major crude oil benchmarks. Dr Sanusi Barkindo who said that over the last five decades the unique relationship between OPEC and Nigeria has had multitude of positive consequences for both parties commended president Mohamadu Buhari for the pivotal role he played in the OPEC declaration of cooperation Process. He said that this enabled the Organization to co-ordinate for the first time ever with ten non OPEC oil producing countries led by the Russian federation in a concerted effort to accelerate the stabilization of the global oil Market. The Secretary General of OPEC disclosed that from 2014 to 2016 World oil supply growth outpaced that of demand with oil supply growing by five point eight million barrels per day, while World oil demand increased by four point three million barrels per day. Dr Sanusi Barkindo of Nigeria stated that OPEC reference basket Price fell by an extra ordinary eighty percent between June 2014 and January 2016 as some crude oil benchmarks fell below Ten dollars per barrel. 
Commentary: Stopping The Discrimination Against Albinos
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-19 06:46:17CategoriesColumnist International Albinism Awareness Day is celebrated annually on June 13 every year to celebrate the human rights of persons with albinism worldwide. Albinism is a rare, non-contagious, genetically inherited difference present at birth. In almost all types of albinism, both parents must carry the gene for it to be passed on, even if they do not have albinism themselves.
 The condition is found in both sexes, regardless of ethnicity, and in all countries of the world. Albinism results in a lack of pigmentation or melanin in the hair, skin and eyes, causing vulnerability to the sun and bright light.
As a result, almost all people with albinism are visually impaired and are prone to developing skin cancer. There is no cure for the absence of melanin that is central to albinism.
The theme for this year's International Albinism Awareness Day is "Strength Beyond All Odds". The theme was chosen to highlight the achievements of people with albinism around the world, show that people with albinism can defy all odds, celebrate how people with albinism worldwide meet and exceed expectations in all domains of life as well as encourage everyone during this time of a global pandemic to join the global effort to "Build Back Better".
People living with albinism face many challenges. They are highly vulnerable to developing skin cancer due to lack of melanin. Persons with albinism usually have visual impairment. They are often stigmatized because of their skin color and as such face social exclusion. Their unemployment rate is alarming because they are often subjected to multiple and intersecting discrimination on the grounds of both disability and colour.
The United Nations Human Rights Council adopted a resolution in 2013, calling for the prevention of attacks and discrimination against persons with albinism. The prevalence of albinism in Nigeria is ranked among the highest in the world with an estimated figure of two million albinos in the country.
Recently, in Anambra State, persons with albinism came together to form Anambra State Albinism Association (ASAA) with a view to fight for their rights and has Miss Vivian Ezeonwumelu as their chairperson and now a recognized cluster with Joint National Association of Persons With Disabilities (JONAPWD) Anambra State Chapter.
Anambra State Government, through the Special Adviser to the Governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie, has described the new Anambra State Albinism Association (ASAA) as a huge step in the right direction. He hinted that his office would assist through an intervention package known as (SSS) which means: Sensitization of the General Public, Skin Care Services and Sight Saving Programs.
These packages are to: sensitize the public on discrimination and stigmatization of persons with Albinism, provide access to regular health checks, provide sunscreens, sunglasses and sun-protective clothing for the Albinism Community in the state.
Sadly, people with albinism still face multiple forms of discrimination worldwide. Albinism is still profoundly misunderstood, socially and medically. The physical appearance of persons with albinism is often the object of erroneous beliefs and myths, influenced by superstition.
The general public is hereby called upon to end all forms of discrimination and stigmatization meted on persons with albinism. They are humans and should be treated alike.
WRITTEN BY CHIDIMMA AJEMBA 
More Residents Respond To COVID -19 Vaccination In Anambra
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-19 06:42:55CategoriesState Reports from various parts of Anambra State indicate that vaccination against COVID 19 is in progress at the Primary Health Centres and Maternal Child Health facilities across the State.   According to UNICEF Desk Officer in the State, Mrs. Franca Madike, who went on media field monitoring, health workers were readily available and people coming out in good numbers to get vaccinated at the designated areas.   At Amawbia Maternal Child Health and Awka Correctional Centre Health facilities, both in Anambra Central District, appreciable level of compliance was noticed, and success recorded.   Mrs. Caroline Moudozi, who came for her second jab, having received the first dose earlier, expressed gratitude to UNICEF, WHO and Anambra State Primary Healthcare Development Agency for their collaborative efforts at making the vaccine available in the State.   On his part, Mr. John Chukwu urged residents of state to ensure they support the efforts of the Government in making life better for the citizenry, pointing out that the society needs to be appreciative of efforts of those who provide the free medical facilities.   The Matron in charge of Maternal Child Health facility Amawbia, Mrs. Ifeyinwa Anigbogu, applauded the exercise, but called on Anambra State Government to consider the recruitment of more health workers in the State to replace those that have retired for some years, noting that manpower shortage is hindering progress of health care delivery in the sector. 
SEDI, NOCEN  Hold  Sensitization Workshop On Entrepreneurial, Digital Innovation Skills At Nsugbe Anambra East Council Area
AuthorAmarachukwu OkaforDate2021-06-19 06:41:00CategoriesState The Digital economy and wealth creation initiative of the Obiano administration is already catching on among higher institutions of learning and youths in Anambra State.   To this end, the School of Entrepreneurship and Digital Innovation, SEDI, Nwafor Orizu College of Education, Nsugbe is now partnering the Rome Business School, Italy, for the actualization of that goal, within the commencement of sensitization of staff and students of the institution, targeted at addressing the challenges of unemployment through innovation. Correspondent, Amarachukwu Okafor reports that the two institutions unveiled their partnership at the kickoff of the sensitization training held at Nwafor Orizu College of Education, Nsugbe.  The training will develop and deliver stimulating entrepreneurial and digital innovation skills for potential entrepreneurs and empower them with start-ups materials.   The SEDI curricula structured between three to eight months is designed to equip new intakes with scholarship opportunity, access to Small and Medium Enterprises loans and grants from foreign ventures, jobs in multinational companies after completion of the Programme geared towards molding them into becoming future business and technology leaders, with the knowledge and skills to succeed in the digital age.   Addressing Journalists  shortly after the training, the Provost of NOCEN, Dr. Ifeyinwa Osegbo, represented by Dr. Azubuike Ndu, described SEDI as a road map to becoming self-reliant, pointing out that the attraction of the Rome Business School to the institution is to achieve world class standards.   On his part, the Director of Rome Business School, Nigeria, Dr. Humphrey Akanazu, who spoke through Mr Asunmo Olakunle, said the School intends to deliver good entrepreneurship education among staff, students and youths of the State, urging the people to enroll as it is an affordable means of getting the basics of entrepreneurship.   While thanking Governor Willie Obiano for his good works in the school and State in general, the founder of SEDI, Dr. Nkem Orakwe, said that their objective is to reduce the rate of unemployment in the State and withdraw attention from white collar jobs, advising everyone to pick up the form and be a part of the program.   Nwafor Orizu College of Education, Nsugbe, School of Entrepreneurship and Digital Innovation also partnering Digital Hands Limited, are certified with European standard education and internationally recognized certificates in entrepreneurship, ICT and Innovation, which is covering top up degree in digital innovation and professional executive short programme in management. 
Mrs  Obiano Calls For End To Stigmatization Against Former Patients Of Anambra Centre For Mentally Challenged, Nteje, Oyi Council Area
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-19 06:36:02CategoriesState Wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, Dr. Ebelechukwu Obiano has appealed for an end to stigmatization against those who have defeated mental health challenges.   Dr. Obiano disclosed this during the formal discharge  of twelve persons who have regain their mental health  at the Anambra State Centre for the Mentally Challenged, Nteje, Oyi Local Government Area.   Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that the Anambra State Centre for the Mentally Challenged, Nteje is a social work arm under the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, but enjoys major support and partnership with CAFE.   Since it’s formal establishment in January, 2015, the centre has rehabilitated a total of one hundred and forty-two persons, with an eighty percent population representation of non-Anambra indigenes.   The rehabilitated persons were also given household materials, food stuffs, cash and equipment to start off any of the vocations they had learned while at the centre.   The twelve persons, four women and eight men, all from States outside Anambra, had been wandering on popular streets around and were brought to the centre by raid team from the Anambra State Ministry of Social Welfare, Children and Women Affairs, where their full rehabilitation procedures began.   Speaking at the event, the Governor’s wife said it was imperative that everyone protects those who have made full recovery from mental health setbacks and give them a helping hand to fully reintegrate into the society, stressing that it was only through successful reintegration that they can succeed and become important for societal development.   She also noted that the stigma against those who have successfully come out of such challenges could permanently detach them from normal life, noting that survivors of mental health challenges  are still normal humans beings.   On the activities of her NGO, CAFE, Dr. Obiano said it has become an indispensable part of her life to touch people's lives, irrespective of where she is, stressing that she would continue to run her programmes in the same way that she always has, even after the end of her husband's administration in March next year.   On his part, the Executive Secretary of Anambra Health Insurance  Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi, said the Governor's wife has reminded people of the importance attached to the message of mental health, stating that the current society is in dire need of a lot of advocates, like Mrs. Obiano, whose  commitment to  charity  he said come naturally.   For the Managing Director of Awka Capital Development Authority, ACTDA, Venerable Amaechi Okwuosa, what the Governor's wife's humanitarian services  reflect biblical  precepts in the book of Psalms which states that  "blessed is he that considers the poor, the Lord shall deliver him in times of trouble".   The  rehabilitated persons are from Osun, Kwara, Enugu, Rivers, Imo and Ebonyi States. 
NOCEN Holds Matriculation Ceremony At Nsugbe, Anambra East Council Area
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-06-19 06:28:42CategoriesState Nwafor Orizu College of Education Nsugbe, has held its first matriculation ceremony in almost two years, formally welcoming two sets of students after COVID-19 interrupted the annual fixture in 2019. The matriculation ceremony, the twenty-third and twenty-fourth for those seeking Bachelor of Education and thirty-ninth and fortieth for students seeking National Certificate of Education was for the 2019/2020 and 2020/2021 new students and was held at the institution's main campus, Nsugbe, bringing to an end the long wait for the new students to be formally inducted as students of the Institution.  Correspondent, Daniel Ezeigwe was there and reports that Nwafor Orizu College of Education, Nsugbe runs a long-term  academic programmes affiliated to the University of Nigeria Nsukka,  which gives  degree graduates of the institution the same qualifications with those of the University of Nigeria. Addressing the new students, who trouped out in in large number, the Vice Chancellor of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, Professor Charles Igwe represented by the Dean, Faculty of Education of the University, Professor Joshua Umeifekwem, reminded them that their admissions may signify the realization of a dream, but it also opens the door for them to pursue a bigger dream of earning the honours degree of the University of Nigeria. Professor Igwe also noted that the degrees, diplomas and certificates of the University of Nigeria are awarded only to those who have been found worthy in character and learning, emphasizing that the institution places high premium on character and humanity as it seeks to produce law-abiding and decent citizens.  In her address, the Provost of the College, Dr Ifeyinwa Osegbo, said that the matriculation finally conferred on the participating students, full membership of the institution, having fulfilled all necessary entrance requirements. She also warned the matriculants to shun all forms of social vices and other nefarious activities as the institution will not hesitate to sanction anyone found to have breached any of the school's laws. Among the matriculating students were Reverend Sisters Mary-Anthonia Ezeamama and Cecil Onwujekwe both students of Mathematics and Social Studies Education respectively, who said that they  felt elated to be finally taking their matriculation vows, stating that their choice of the institution was based on its competitive teaching history. 
Obiano Asks Hotel Proprietors In Anambra State To Expand Businesses To Meet Increasing Demand
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-06-19 06:25:35CategoriesState As work on the Anambra International Conference Center progresses, Governor Willie Obiano has challenged Hotel Proprietors in Anambra to think out businesses they can do. Governor Obiano was speaking while inspecting   project  accompanied by Hotel Proprietors in Anambra State. Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that according to the Governor who encouraged hotel owners to build more infrastructure as the ones already in existence can longer service the surging population, asked them to begin to brand their hotels using known brands all over the world.  He said that with Anambra international airport in place, more foreigners will begin to visit Anambra State. Governor Obiano said that with the inauguration of the International Conference Center, Anambra would further become a hub for hospitality, in addition to the huge investment his administration had attracted. The Governor, while charging the contractor to deliver on schedule, promised to complete all the signature projects in line with specifications.  He however promised prompt completion of the International Conference Center, to host various national and international Conferences and other activities that would boost the economic drive of the State. Conducting the team round the facility, the Commissioner for Housing and Urban renewal Mr Mike Okonkwo pointed out that the governor had fully ordered for materials and would always ensure quality delivery The Contractor, Mr. Mark Tu said that they are trying to push the project faster than they used to ensure timely delivery, assuring that they will finish installing the internal ceilings in two weeks’.  Speaking after the inspection on-behalf of the hotel owners, the Traditional Ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka who promised to heed the Governor's advice, described the International Conference Center as a legacy project which was designed in line with international best standards. Commissioner for Works, Mr Marcel Ifejiofor, member representing Dunukofia,  Constituency at the Anambra State House of Assembly Chief Lawrence Ezeudu, some of the project consultants, among others were also present, while the Anglican Bishop of Afikpo Diocese, Right Reverend Paul Udogu offered special prayers. 
Anambra Deputy Governor Okeke Asks Religious Bodies To Sustain Prayers For Nigeria To Overcome Challenges
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-06-19 06:22:01CategoriesState The Deputy Governor of Anambra State Dr Nkem Okeke has called on religious bodies to continually remember the State and Nigeria in their prayers for God's intervention on insecurity ravaging all parts of the Country in the recent past. He made the call during the burial service of the Late Very Reverend Chike Ikeotuonye Nwizu at Saint Christopher's Church, Ndiakwu Otolo Nnewi in Nnewi North Local Government Area. Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that Dr Okeke who acknowledged God as the protector of life, said that religious bodies in the State must support the efforts of the State government in protecting life and property. Earlier in a sermon, the Archbishop of Enugu Ecclesiastical Province and Bishop of Enugu Diocese, Most Reverend Emmanuel Chukwuma regretted that materialism has driven many Christians out of God's love, reminding the people that a day is coming when all mortal will appear before God to give account of stewardship hence the need for them to always maintain good relationship with their creator. The Late Very Reverend Chike Ikeotuonye Nwizu who died at the age of eighty-eight, was a former Provost of the Cathedral Church of the Good Shepherd Enugu. 
State of Central Primary School, Ezinifite in Aguata LGA
AuthorReporterDate2021-06-18 07:41:59CategoriesState 1. A video of Ezinifite Central Primary School in Aguata Local Government Area of Anambra State has in the last 24 hours been circulating on the social media. The video shows an old school block used by Primary School 2 pupils which is in a dilapidated state and without desks, chairs and tables. 2. On seeing the video, the Honorable Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Azuka Omenugha, sent a team of experts from her ministry to visit the school and assess the condition of the block. The team has confirmed that the classroom has not been in use for over five years, even though the person behind the video failed, for some inexplicable reason, to show three other blocks of the school which are in a good state and functioning well. The existing structures look adequate for the schoolchildren population of about 160.  3. Ezinifite Central Primary School is one of the schools returned by the Anambra State Government to the Voluntary Agencies to manage. The process of the handover of the schools to the original owners began under the leadership of Dr Chris Ngige, OON, when he was the Anambra State Governor. The State Government provides considerable funds for the voluntary agencies to run the schools. The partnership between the State Government and Voluntary Agencies has proved to be a critical successful factor in the dramatic educational development of the state which has over the years earned both local and international applause, as Anambra State excells in education beyond even the African region. 4. We understand the Primary Two Block of Ezinifite Central Primary School has for some time been scheduled for demolition by the Church which plans to remodel and build it to modern standards. The Anambra State government supports the Church to pull down the block and build a truly modern school block in its place. No effort should be spared in the task to make Anambra State retain its competitive edge in education in Nigeria and beyond. God bless Anambra State, the Light of the Nation.   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
