Anambra Governorship Election: INEC  Expresses Worry Over Contradictory Court judgments
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-08-04 07:06:11CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has frowned at the frequency and consistency with which courts of coordinate jurisdiction from different parts of Nigeria assumed jurisdiction on matters pertaining to Anambra governorship polls. The INEC National Commissioner and Chairman Information, Voter Education and Publicity Committee, Mr. Festus Okoye, who expressed this concern in Awka said judgments delivered and orders issued have far reaching implications on the conduct of the Anambra State Governorship Election. Valentine Mbadugha reports that Mr. Okoye, while speaking at an implementation meeting of the Voter Education and Publicity Department of INEC, noted that it is important that stakeholders are availed of all relevant information on the processes, regulations and expectations. The meeting was for the key implementers of the scheme for the governorship election in Anambra State, especially those involved with public enlightenment and field dissemination of information to update their service delivery plans and ensure effective implementation of public enlightenment in the home stretch towards the election. He maintained that political parties must obey and conform to their constitutions and guidelines for the conduct of party primaries as well as the provisions of section 87 of the Electoral Act 2010 as amended. In his welcome address, the Anambra State Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr. Nkwachukwu Orji, who expressed readiness of the commission to deliver a credible election in Anambra State, harped on the need for political parties to be civil in their dealings. In their separate remarks, the director, Voter Education and Publicity INEC Headquarters Abuja,  Mr. Nick Dazang and the Anambra State Director, National Orientation Agency, Barrister Charles Nwoji emphasized on poor turnout of voters on election days. The NYSC state coordinator, Mrs. Yehinde Baderinwa was also part of the meeting. 
CBN Dismisses Speculations On Plans To Convert Foreign Exchange In Domiciliary Accounts
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-04 07:02:23CategoriesBusiness The Central Bank of Nigeria has assured that it is not planning to convert the foreign exchange in domiciliary accounts of bank customers into naira. This is according to the Acting Director in charge of Corporate Communications, Mr. Osita Nwanisobi, who pointed out that those behind the speculations are criminal elements looking to create panic in the foreign exchange market. He guaranteed that the CBN will ensure that the legitimate FX demands of customers are met by commercial banks and advised FX operators to go about their business without worries. Mr. Nwanisobi said this after the CBN Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, announced that deposit money banks will henceforth be in charge of the sale of foreign exchange to Bureau De Change and other customers. 
Court of Appeal Justice Demands Punishment for Jigawa, Imo High Court Judges for Dabbling into Anambra Gubernatorial Matter
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-03 07:23:06CategoriesState Justice Chioma Nwosu-Iheme of the Court of Appeal has demanded punishment for the judge of the Jigawa State High Court, Justice Ubale of Birnin Kudu, and his counterpart in the Imo State judiciary, Justice B. C. Iheka, for what she described as their unprofessional conduct by dabbling into the Anambra State gubernatorial election controversy and gave consequential judgments on it.   The Court of Appeal justice also wants lawyers who took the cases to the state high courts in Jigawa and Imo states disciplined for professional misbehavior.   Justice Nwosu-Iheme made the demand while ruling today on a motion by Chike Onyemenam (SAN), counsel to Jude Okeke, who claims to be the national chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA), to stop the execution of the order made earlier on July 18 by Justice Charles C. Okaa of the Anambra State High Court in Awka directing the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to recognize the former Central Bank of Nigeria governor, Professor Charles Soludo, as the APGA candidate in the November 6 gubernatorial election in the state, in line with the outcome of the June 23 APGA Congress and primary election which Soludo won by almost 94% and monitored by INEC. INEC had on July 16 published The Honorable Chukwuma Umeoji of the House of Representatives as the APGA candidate following an order by the Jigawa State High Court on June 28, but was not made known until the eve of the INEC’s unveiling of names of various candidates.   The consequential order was based on the argument that Okeke was the APGA acting national chairman who purportedly took over from one Edozie Njoku. INEC, which regulates Nigerian political parties, has no record of either Njoku or Okeke as having ever been the APGA national chairman, as it has in the last few years recognized only Chief Victor Oye as the party’s chairman.   Still, Justice Iheka, presiding over the Imo State High Court in Owerri, on July 30 gave a judgment affirming Okeke as the APGA chairman and Umeoji the party’s gubernatorial candidate.   The Court of Appeal justice accused Anambra politicians of going round the country shopping for judgments to enable them to contest in the November governorship election rather than appear before the courts which have the territorial jurisdiction to entertain the election.   She regretted that some judges and lawyers indulge such politicians and as a result bring the legal profession into public contempt.   Justice Nwosu-Iheme, therefore, called for strong punishments to be meted out to the state high court judges in Jigawa and Imo states who gave judgments on the Anambra APGA controversy and the lawyers who brought the cases before them.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Commentary: Madam Theresa Ogbenyeanu Odum Goes Home
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-03 07:21:00CategoriesColumnist Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans. And the insight and experience of others is a valuable source of inspiration and motivation. That is why learning from successful people is a fantastic way to grow and live better. Madam Theresa Ogbenyeanu Odum was, by all standards, a virtuous successful woman of excellence and charity worthy of emulation.
A woman endowed with the virtue of charity is one who feels deeply and loves fiercely. Such a woman is both soft and powerful. She loves, cares, forgives, perseveres and feels the pulse of others. These attributes sum up the generous lifestyle our octogenarian mum, whom God endowed with longevity, peace, kindness, benevolence and generosity.
Madam Theresa Ogbenyeanu Odum was born in 1933, that is 88 years ago, into the family of Chief Nwokafor Onwudinjo and Mrs Catherine Unoma Onwudinjo, now late, of Umubelle Village Awka. She was a very beautiful damsel and thus, the cynosure of all eyes. Thesy, as she was fondly called, was good looking and exceptionally intelligent. These qualities compelled her parents to give her the name, Ogbenyeanu.
Education for the girls during her days was an aberration. However, she was able to acquire subsistent knowledge, which propelled her in life. Theresa was very industrious; she helped her parents in farming and other domestic chores. Mama was a very good cook too, just as she was peace loving, to the extent that young couples were coming to her for mentorship and tutelage.
At her tender age, because of her beauty and intelligence, many suitors were coming to her for marriage but she reneged until she met and married her heartthrob, Chief David Uyanwa Odum, now late of Umuodum Village, Ogba village, Mbaukwu in Awka South LGA. The marriage was blessed with seven wonderful children. Mama realized early that knowledge is power hence; she and papa ensured that all their children acquired formal education.
Madam Theresa Ogbenyeanu Odum was an ardent Christian. Mama was very fervent in prayer. In fact, she never missed morning mass and she was always clinching to rosary. Ogbenyeanu taught her children the art of praying. She was a very active member of the Catholic Women Organization (CWO) of Saint Theresa's Catholic Church, Ogba Mbaukwu.
Madam Theresa Odum served as the CWO Chairlady for eight years (from 1984 to 1991). She relinquished the position in 1991 when she travelled to America. Upon her return, she was appointed the Caretaker Chairlady, Ogba Village Women Association 2000, a position she held till she decided to hand over to younger ones.
Madam Theresa Odum was a mother per excellence. She was well taken care of by her husband hence; she was given the title Nwa Ana Anu Namma. Giving was in her blood. Mama believed that charity brings to life again those who are spiritually dead. Her spirit of charity made her home as a pilgrimage for the sick and those in need and Mama would take care of their needs.
Ogbenyeanu would cater for the indigent and the hoi-poloi in the society. Mama was a consistent giver and she imbibed in her children the art of charity and self-denial to satisfy others. Mama taught them that charity is kind; it is not easily provoked, it thinks no evil, believes all things and hopes all things.
Consequently, Madam Theresa Odum was honoured by Saint Theresa's Catholic Parish, Mbaukwu in 2004 as Patroness of the Parish. The determination, resilience, effort, patience, sacrifice and foresight of Nwa Ana Anu Namma were exemplary.
Madam Theresa Ogbenyeanu Odum would be fondly missed by her children, Cecelia Odum, Mrs Patricia Mma Attah, Mrs. Nkechi Okafor, Chief Emma Odum, Chief Vincent Odum, Prof. Henry Mbanefo Odum and I.K. Johnpaul Odum as well as her grandchildren, great grandchildren and other numerous relations.
There will be vigil mass on Thursday this week at late David Uyanwa Odum’s compound. Requiem mass holds on Friday, August 6, 2021, by 10am at the Saint Theresa’s Catholic Church, Mbaukwu, thereafter interment at her compound, Umuodum village, Mbaukwu. Funeral ceremonies will continue till Sunday, August 8, 2021 when there will be outing mass at St Theresa’s Church, Mbaukwu by 9am. Adieu Mama.              
WRITTEN BY EMMA ODUM
Appeal Court Reaffirms Oye National Chairman, Soludo APGA Candidate, Seeks Sanctions Against Abuse Of Court Process
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-03 07:17:23CategoriesState The Court of Appeal, Awka Division, headed by Hon Justice C Nwosu-Iheme has dismissed with heavy costs, the applications filed by Chief Edozie Njoku, Jude Okeke and Hon Wilson Onyekwelu.   While ruling on the applications earlier yesterday, the court noted that the applications filed by the applicants were grossly incompetent and dismissed them with heavy costs in favour of the Chief Victor Oye led APGA.   The Presiding Justice particularly frowned at the manner various frivolous suits were instituted in respect of Anambra State Governorship primary election of APGA in various States outside Anambra, despite the admonitions of the Supreme Court on territorial jurisdictions of State High court.   Justice Nwosu Iheme, who was livid with anger, called for severe and immediate disciplinary measures against the Judges and Counsels involved in the spurious judgments obtained in High Courts in Jigawa State, Imo State and the Federal Capital Tertiary, FCT, for bringing the image of the judiciary to disrepute and public ridicule.   Recall that Justice C.C. Okaa had delivered an emphatic judgment reaffirming Dr. Oye as the National Chairman, and Professor Chukwuma Soludo, as the undisputable governorship candidate of APGA, with motions filed by the appellants challenging the judgment dismissed.   Honourable Chukwuma Umeoji had paid for nomination forms and also went for screening at the Dr. Oye led National Executive, as the only legally sanctioned and INEC recognized officers of APGA, and when he was disqualified with four others, he appointed one Jude Okeke, who is unknown to APGA, as his own new National Chairman, who joined in shopping for Courts and Judges to give them frivolous court orders, such as ones obtained in Jigawa, Imo States and the FCT. 
2207 Batch B, Stream One  Corps Members Sworn In Anambra
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-08-03 07:15:26CategoriesState Two thousand, two hundred and seven Corps members of the 2021 Batch B, Stream one of the National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, have been sworn in to serve in Anambra State.   The Chief Judge of Anambra State, Justice Onochie Anyachebelu swore in the Corps members comprising one thousand, one hundred and sixty one females and one thousand and forty six males.   Correspondent David Okpokwasili reports that. the event, which held under strict Covid-19 protocols, took place at the Nnamdi Azikiwe NYSC Utility and Permanent Orientation Camp, Umuawulu/Mbaukwu, Awka South Local Government Area.  After the ceremonial oath taking administered by Justice Anyachebelu, the Corps members, represented by one person per platoon, signed their papers, by which they were fully admitted into the service of their fatherland for the next one year.   In an address, Governor Willie Obiano charged the new Corps members to maximize the opportunity of being in Anambra State, which he described as the "entrepreneurship capital of Nigeria", to develop their skills and become part of the efforts to address the numerous unemployment situations in Nigeria.  Governor Obiano, who was represented at the event by the Anambra State Coordinator of NYSC, Mrs Yetunde Baderinwa, also asked the Corps members to, ahead of the November 6 gubernatorial election in Anambra, decide to become part of the growing successes being made in the conduct of transparent, free and fair elections in the country when their services will be demanded as adhoc officials at the elections.   Speaking earlier to welcome the guests to the ceremony, the NYSC State Coordinator, Mrs. Baderinwa, represented by the Camp Director, Mr Ayanda Ayorinde confirmed that all the participating Corps members were tested of COVID-19 and certified ready for the orientation exercise, and appealed to the State Government to quickly intervene in the erosion encroachment that is quickly taking over parts of the Camp.  A one-minute silence was held in honour of the five prospective Corps members who lost their lives last Wednesday in fatal road accident in Abuja while heading to the Orientation Camp in Katina State. 
Bishop Nwokolo Ordains 9 Priests, Collates Deacons Archdeacons
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-08-03 07:11:07CategoriesState The Bishop on the Niger, Right Reverend Owen Nwokolo has charged ordained Ministers of God to be faithful to their calling, no matter how difficult the task is.   Bishop Nwokolo gave the charge at the All Saints Cathedral, Onitsha, during the trinity ordination of nine Priests, collation of three Canons and Archdeacons.   Some of the newly ordained Priests are Reverends Izuchukwu Madu, Nwafe Chukwuemeka, Mbanefo Okongwu, among others, while Reverend Canons Ikechukwu Egbuonu and Michael Okoh were among Priests elevated to the position of Archdeacon.  The Bishop stressed that faithfulness is an important part of loving God and expects more work from the Ministers of God.   In a sermon, the Bishop of Jalingo Diocese, the Right Reverend Foreman Nedison, who themed his message, "Faithfulness in Service", said every service one renders in this world is noted and evaluated by God, noting that the yardstick for the evaluation is faithfulness.   Bishop Nedison, who lamented that many have made a shipwreck of their faith because they have chosen the pleasures of this world, listed zeal, commitment, undivided royalty to God and constituted authority, consistency in good character, as some elements of faithfulness.  Before the ordination by Bishop Nwokolo, Deacons made declarations and took oaths administered by the Chancellor of the Diocese, Nnamdi Ibegbu, SAN, those elevated to positions of Canon and Archdeacon also took oaths of canonical obedience, submission, allegiance to God and declaration of submission to synod before their installation, while the newly ordained Priests were given patent and chalice by the Bishop as sign of authority, as well as vested according to the Order of Priests.  Staff reporter, Oggorchukwu Oranu reports that the ordination attracted Bishops Ndubuisi Obi and Right Reverend Oluseyi Oyelade of Anglican Dioceses of Nnewi and Ife East respectively, UNIZIK Vice Chancellor, Professor Charles Esimone, Igwe Beneth Emeka of Umueri, among other dignitaries, friends and well-wishers, while the Cathedral Choir were at their best during the service. 
Awka  Development Union Nigeria Women Wing  Holds Annual Conference In Awka
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-08-03 07:08:00CategoriesState The role of women in family and society  has been re- emphasized, with a charge on them to impart Godly principles on their children.   This was harped on during the annual Conference of the Women’s Wing of Awka Development Union, Nigeria, held in Awka, the State capital.   Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi reports that women are indispensable in building the family, especially in the upbringing of children, and this appears to have informed the focus of the Conference of Women’s Wing of Awka Development Union, Nigeria, on raising Godly children to stem the tide of cultism and other social vices.   The President General of Women's Wing of the Union, Barrister Oge Ekweozor said the Conference sought to tackle developmental issues that affect Awka, and by extension, the society, nothing that parents must begin to raise their children consciously.   Barrister Ekweozor pointed out that their plan to build a Multipurpose Civic centre is to empower women and youths; as stakeholders in development and growth of Awka.   In her remark, the President of Port Harcourt branch of the Women's Wing, Dr. Vivian Ozoekwe, explained that the group is made up of women married in Awka, adding that the annual Conference offers opportunity to reach out to women from the thirty three villages of Awka and beyond; on how to be prayerful and raise Godly children.   A retired Comptroller of Nigerian Correctional Services, Mrs. Gladys Okafor and a foundation member of the group, Dr. Zelunjo Igweze, said children are what parents make of them, not minding the challenges of parenting, and noted that the group has always used its fora to impact on women and the girl child.   Another member of the Union, Mrs. Ebele Okoye, who noted that divorce affects the training of children, advised women to be submissive, forgiving and work together with their husbands to bring about growth and value in their families, while a PDP Chieftain, Valentine Ozigbo said the place of women is critical in every aspect of the society and advocated more leadership position for them.   The event featured award presentation to deserving members and others, fund raising for the group's Multipurpose Civic centre, cultural dance and interactive session. 
Chisom Nwude  Of ABS Weds  Michael Nebo In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-08-03 07:06:02CategoriesEntertainment State Miss Faith Chisom Nwude of Administration Department, Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, over the weekend, exchanged marital vow with her heartthrob, Mr. Michael Nebo, at The Redeemed Christian Church of God, Anambra Provincial Headquarters, Okpuno, Awka.   The Church service for the exchange of vow, by which the two became Mr. and Mrs. Michael Neboh, was officiated by Area Pastor, Auta Jubril, who explained that embracing humility and mutual love, as well as making God the foundation will enable the new family experience blessings of marriage.   In their remarks, former Chairman, Anambra State Chapter of the Christian Association of Nigeria, CAN, Bishop Ephraim Ndife and wife, Edith, charged new couples to hold on to God, the Solid rock, for testimonies.  The State Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha, and the Director of Administration, ABS, Lady Tina Ekenta, who explained that marriage can be sweet if decided from the onset, urged the new couple not to discuss selves with friends and pray together, in order to enjoy blissful and fruitful marital life, with good health and ending happiness.   For the new couple, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Neboh, who said their  joy exceeded bounds, noting that nothing could have been better than the love found in each other.   Elder and Mrs. Christopher Nwude and Mr. and Mrs. Uchenna Nebo, friends, well-wishers and colleagues of the celebrants later took to the dance floor to celebrate the new union. 
Anambra Assembly Speaker  Okafor Urges FRSC To Intensify Enlightenment Campaign On Safety Measures To Reduce Crashes
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-08-03 07:02:56CategoriesState The Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has called on the Federal Road Safety Commission, FRSC, Anambra State Command to  organize more public enlightenment programmes on safe road usage to arrest road crashes. Chukwuemeke Modilim reports that Right Honourable Okafor made the call when the state Sector Commander, Mr. Adeoye Irrelewuye paid him a courtesy visit at the state House of Assembly.  Right Honourable Okafor noted that with the agency's continuous public enlightenment on the dangers inherent in neglecting road safety rules and signs, Anambra State will have minimal crashes. He stressed the need for the FRSC to ensure that motorists in the state have certified driver’s license. The speaker applauded Governor Willie Obiano for all the supports he has been rendering to the FRSC, which according to him, enabled the command to discharge its duties creditably. On his part, Mr. Irrelewuye explained that he came to appreciate the lawmakers and Governor Obiano for partnering the commission in ensuring road safety across the state.  He maintained that the commission has always sensitized the public on safe road usage through enforcement of road safety rules, public enlightenment programmes and road transport safety standardization scheme among others.  In a vote of thanks, the Clerk of the house, Mr. Pius Udoh noted that since the establishment of the FRSC in 1988 by the federal government, road crashes have reduced to the barest minimum. 
Work Advances On Anambra International Conference Centre Project Awka, Obiano Happy With Quality Of Work
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-08-03 06:59:26CategoriesState The Anambra International Conference Center, Awka is fast taking shape. Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, visited the site for on the spot assessment. Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that on arrival at the site, it was observed that the escalators and lift have been installed, while the ceiling installation has commenced at the foyer, the main auditorium and other spaces.  Even the granite tiles for the floors have arrived, as well as the sound system. Exterior work is equally ongoing as the entry and exit points. The governor, who expressed satisfaction  with  the quality of work, called on the contractor to intensify work on the project. While stressing that the project is a signature project of his administration, Governor Obiano emphasized that it is built to last, asking the contractor to employ more labour.  The Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, among others was part of the inspection team, while the Commissioner for Housing, Architect Michael Okonkwo was on ground to take the governor and his entourage round the project.  After the inspection of the International Conference Center, Governor Obiano also inspected the Awka City Stadium, where the chairman, Anambra State Sports Development Commission, Mr. Tony Oli received the governor.  
Anambra State Library Board Commences  Summer Readership Promotion, Skill Acquisition Programme For Holiday Makers
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2021-08-03 06:54:00CategoriesState Anambra State Library Board has kicked off Summer Readership Promotion and Skill Acquisition for holiday makers. The event, which took place in Awka,  attracted pupils and students from different schools, who indicated interest in acquiring skills that will sustain them after school. Correspondent, Chidinma Ikeanyionwu  reports that the vacation programme, aimed at equipping the participants with necessary skills, will last throughout the month of holiday with pupils and students going through the tutelage of about ten different technological and vocational skills.  In her speech, the Director, Anambra State Library Board, Dr. Nkechi Udenze noted that the programme, which is free of cost, is targeted at ensuring that participants are nurtured on how to become good readers. The Senior Special Assistant to Governor Obiano on Education, Dr. Ifeanyi Paul, while applauding the thoughtfulness of the board in organizing the programme, urged the pupils and students to always make themselves available and be ready to learn.  One of the kids, Miss Faith Okeke expressed joy for being part of the programme and called on other kids to maximize the opportunity. Others who spoke at the event were Mrs. Ebere Chinonso, and Mrs. Chika Ani, who took them on soap making.  
Lovecare For The Needy  Foundation, Ifeomamebe Organize Free Public Health Seminar At Amawbia Awka South Council Area
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-08-03 06:48:33CategoriesState As part of efforts to proffer solution to life threatening challenges confronting mankind, the Lovecare for the Needy Foundation in partnership with Sharing Life Issues with Ifeomamebe on Anambra Broadcasting Service Radio has organized a-one-day free health seminar for the downtrodden. The program, powered by ABS, is an annual event where people with little or no access to basic health information are being thought the best practices to live a healthier life.  Correspondent Valentine reports that the event, which attracted hundreds of indigent people, featured series of health lectures by professionals including Dr. Agatha Muoka, who disclosed ways of preventing eye problems as well as Mr. Sylvester Obidiegwu, who took them on the use of different herbs and roots among others. It also featured lecture on entrepreneurial opportunities in agriculture for wealth creation in post COVID-19 era by Dr. Chidu Nwike of the Department of Agric Education, Federal College of Education Technical Umunze.  Speaking on the objective of the gathering, the host, Ifeomamebe of the ABS harped on the need to always give the needy the right information to better their lives and also give them a sense of belonging. Mr. Ifeomamebe urged them to utilize the information gathered from the event to live longer and also meaningfully engage themselves. He appreciated those that supported the program including the MD/CEO of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Chief Uche Nworah.  The Director Technical Services, Ministry of Agriculture Awka, Dr. Emeka Okoli also taught the participants on the benefits of boifortified food crops that contain sufficient quantities of vitamin A and other micro nutrients, which include sweet potato, maize and cassava.  
Anambra Govt, EU, WHO  Hold Workshop On DHIS, DAA, HFR In Awka
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-03 06:42:20CategoriesState Anambra State Government with support from the European Union is partnering the World Health Organization, WHO, in the workshop on District Health Information System, Data Analytic Application and Health Facility Registry. As part of activities for the workshop, personnel from Health Information Systems Programme Nigeria, Federal Ministry of Health and WHO, are in the state to support the Data Operation Centre. The training would feature the introduction of key officers to WHO Data Quality App in updating the Health Facility Registry software and database. Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala, represented by the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Mr. Linus Nwankwo while declaring the workshop open, urged the participants to be active in order to achieve the objectives of the training, which include proffering lasting solutions to the challenges facing data reporting in the state. The state Director of Planning, Research and Statistics, Mrs. Edith Nwachukwu, who noted that the training was also aimed at updating the state's Health Facility Registry, as well as evaluate proficiency in data gathering, explained that District Health Information System was a platform for gathering data from local to state and state to the federal government. 
Commentary: The Need To Register To Enable You Vote
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-02 06:07:31CategoriesColumnist The Continuous Voter Registration (CVR) exercise, which the Independent National Electoral commission (INEC) commenced across Nigeria on Monday, June 28, 2021, is still ongoing. It is pertinent to note that the only thing that can empower any person to vote in an election is the voter’s card. The card is also the only instrument in the hand of a citizen to retain or change a performing or non-performing administration in any clime. Voter’s card is therefore the authority of a citizen to decide during an election.
The essence of the ongoing Voter Registration is to validate the national voter register, include more eligible voters and expand voters’ access to polling units. The current exercise is unique as it is done online.
Those taking part in the exercise include Nigerians who have just attained the age of 18 and have never been registered to vote; any registered voter who experienced some difficulties during accreditation in the previous elections; registered voters who wish to change their voting locations and those whose Permanent Voter’s Cards are damaged, torn, lost or defaced.
Others are those who wish to correct information such as names, date of birth and others in their cards; those who recently become Nigerian citizens or those who newly relocated to Nigeria and do not get PVC before. Those who want to register must have access to internet in their smart phone or Android Phone or laptop for the online registration, otherwise they can seek assistance from those who have.
The process is simple and self-explanatory; just log on to www.cvr.inecnigeria.org or www.cvr.inec.gov.ng. Thereafter, go to the registration centre in the local government you chose and complete your photo capturing and thump print. Let us ensure that anybody who is up to 18 years and above registers.
Ndi Anambra and residents in the state should please come out and register to vote; it is your civic duty. It must be understood that elections are about voters having the opportunity to register in the first instance, having the opportunity for their names to appear in the register on the Election Day, and make them spend less time in their various voting units to cast their votes.
Hence, stakeholders are urged to sensitize their people to participate actively in the voter registration exercise to ensure mass participation in the forthcoming governorship election in the state as well as the national elections in 2023.
Political parties, traditional rulers, religious bodies, NGOs, market leaders, Woman and youth leaders, churches and all political appointees should sensitize, educate and encourage their people to take part in the continuous voter registration exercise. Parents, local government administrators, town unions and heads of ministries, departments and agencies as well as market, labour, Okada, Keke and other transport union leaders should inculcate the spirit of voting in election into their members.
There is no doubt that voting power is the most effective tool in entrenching good governance as well  as having stronger voice in negotiating national issues and affairs. Voter’s card is, hence, a veritable tool to protect the people’s interest in elections. Above all, voter’s card is a veritable means of identification in Nigeria; be it in banks of telecommunication centres. Also, data so generated from the registration exercise provide basic statistics for planning and other activities that will benefit the state and its people. We all know that politics is a game of number. Therefore, the areas with greater number of voters will be beautiful brides to politicians and government. 
INEC, on its part, should think of ways Nigerians in the Diaspora could be allowed to participate in the electoral system, especially now that it is going online. If we could withdraw money with our ATM card wherever we are, INEC should make casting votes in such a way that one can pull his/her PVC and connect to anywhere in the country to cast his/her vote.
The commission should equally commence early preparation to provide necessary manpower and logistics for the Anambra governorship election to meet the expectations of the people. PLEASE, GO AND REGISTER NOW FOR A BETTER TOMORROW.       
WRITTEN BY SIR NOBERT OBI
PSC Suspends DCP Abba Kyari Over Allegation Of Fraud
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-02 06:04:29CategoriesNigeria Following the recommendation of Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba to suspend DCP Abba Kyari, over his indictment by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for alleged involvement in a one point one million dollars internet fraud, the Police Service Commission has finally suspended him. DCP Abba Kyari  untill his suspension was the Deputy Commissioner of Police and Head, Intelligence Response Team of the Nigeria Police Force. The statement titled, ‘FBI indictment: PSC suspends DCP Abba Kyari, and signed by the commission’s Head, Press, and Public Relations, Ikechukwu Ani directs IGP to furnish it with information on further developments’,. According to the statement Abba Kyari’s suspension took effect from Saturday, July 31, 2021, and would subsist pending the outcome of the investigation in respect of his indictment by the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the United States. The Commission’s decision which was conveyed in a letter with reference, PSC/POL/D/153/vol/V/138 to the Inspector General of Police today, was signed by Hon. Justice Clara Bata Ogunbiyi, a retired Justice of the Supreme Court and Honourable Commissioner one in the Commission for the Commission’s Chairman, Alhaji Musiliu Smith, a retired Inspector General of Police, who is currently on leave.” The FBI criminal complaint lodged at the United States District Court in California had listed Abass Ramon, aka Hushpuppi; and Kyari among six suspects indicted in a one point one million dollars international fraud conspiracy. The IGP in an earlier statement said Kyari’s suspension was expected to create an enabling environment for the NPF Special Investigation Panel to carry out its investigations into the weighty allegations against him without interference. 
Anambra State Govt Restates Commitment Towards Promoting Youth Empowerment Programmes
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-02 06:02:38CategoriesState Anambra State Government has reassured of its commitment to sustaining various youth empowerment  programmes as veritable means of fighting poverty and restiveness in the state. The State Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Prof. Theresa Obiekezie, said this while receiving a youth group during a courtesy call in her office. She explained that the government had initiated various youth empowerment and development programmes, aimed at equipping them with the skills to drive them into economic sustainability and entrepreneurship. While stating that her Ministry had carried out some skills acquisition programmes in partnership with some agencies, she decried an apparent apathy by the youths on issues of skills acquisition in preference for white collar jobs. The Commissioner told the delegation that the government would always provide the needed enabling environment to the youths to explore and maximize their potential so as to add value to the society. Earlier, the Coordinator of NYCN, Njikoka LGA, Chapter, Mr. Godwin Okoye, extolled the commissioner for initiating life-changing programmes that had positively impacted lives of the youths in the state. 
Mrs Obiano Reassures Of Sustaining CAFE Beyond Tenure Of Present Administration
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-08-02 06:01:31CategoriesState Wife of governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative CAFE Dr. (Mrs) Ebelechukwu Obiano has re-assured that her NGO will outlive the tenure of the present administration.   Dr. (Mrs) Obiano who disclosed this while addressing concerns that CAFE will fold up at the end of her husband's tenure, noted that she began her charity works way before the dawn of the present government.   She stated that what she does is a product of deep passion; an integral part of her life that would live with her till death.   The governor's wife who disclosed that her relationship with widows, the indigent and physically challenged has grown significantly over the last seven years, said that she would always remember that people like that exist.   The CAFE founder also called on the affluent to always reach out to those around them, as the impact of their riches could only make meaning when the poor are their biggest beneficiaries. 
Nigeria Receives 4M Doses Of COVID -19 Vaccine From US
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-02 06:00:00CategoriesHealth Nigeria Nigeria has received four million doses of the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine from the United States today as the West African nation steps up efforts to battle a third wave of infections. The doses, which came on two planes, were received by officials from the UN children agency UNICEF on behalf of Nigeria at the airport in the capital Abuja. It was the second batch of vaccines to arrive in Nigeria after four million doses were delivered in March under the Covax scheme. Covax was set up to ensure the equitable distribution of vaccines, particularly to low-income countries, and has already delivered more than eighty million doses to one hundred and twenty-nine territories. Nigeria a home to some two hundred and ten million people used the four million doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine received in March to start its nationwide inoculation programme. 
Nnobi Community Idemili South Council Area Celebrates Ikpo Ji Festival
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-08-02 05:58:03CategoriesState In efforts towards the sustenance of the Igbo culture and tradition, Nnobi community in Idemili South Local Government Area has celebrated the Ikpo ji festival.
Ikpo ji is the process of purification and sanctification of the newly harvested yam before it is sold at the native market of the community, or before eaten by any individual.
In this report, our Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigbata who was at Nnobi to capture the event and reports that the Ikpo ji festival of Nnobi is a farming traditional ceremony celebrated on the last Afor market of July every year to mark the beginning of selling of new yam at Afor Nnobi Market.

The ceremony is performed by the Isiana of Nnobi before any other person including the traditional ruler of the community celebrate the Iri ji ceremony.
During the festival, the Isiana of Nnobi, Chief John Isiana was accompanied by many Chiefs and others, including the traditional drummers who matched to the Afor Market where many gathered in anticipation of bounty harvest to perform the rituals of the new yam.
After the presentation of the symbolic yam in a brown weaved basket by Isiana Nnobi, the yams was divided into four, representing the four market days in Igbo land, Eke, Orie, Afor and Nkwo which was equally sold and bought by notable members of the community.
While thanking God for his support through the farming season,  the Isiana also offered prayers  to God  for the relative peace, unity, progress and development enjoyed by the community.

The mammoth crowd later converged on the Aho Square, Umuona to pay homage to Isiana by different groups.
Speaking at the ceremony, the Chairman, Transition Committee of the community, Chief Chris Ezeani, and other stakeholders, Chief John Ngwuagu and Chief Gabriel Ezeonu said the celebration was to alleviate the suffering of the masses who have been waiting to eat new  yam.
Some of members of  Ndi Ichie , including Dr. Mike Omenugha, Chief Oguejifor Okwudili, Chief Joe Ufudo, who appreciated God for clement weather during the celebration, assured to always sustain their cultural heritage and urged the youths to imbibe their culture and shun youth restiveness.
Highpoint of the event was masquerade display accompanied by  cultural songs with instruments such as gongs and drums.
Anambra Permanent Secretary Mrs Obiano Goes To Thanksgiving Service At Nibo For Her Elevation
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-08-02 05:54:38CategoriesState What else can one offer to God if not thanksgiving, gratitude and appreciation for His mercies and grace? It is on this backdrop, that the family of Dr. Edwin Obiano of Nibo Community, Awka South Council Area in company of  relations, top government officials, friends and well-wishers, thanked God for the elevation of  Mrs. Nwando Obiano to the post of Permanent Secretary in the Anambra State Civil Service. Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor-Okoye reports that in a homily at Saint Theresa's Catholic Church Nibo, the Catholic Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Paulinus Ezeokafor said that God called on his people to worship him in truth and faith and not for material gains.  Bishop Ezeokafor frowned at some people who only remember God in time of difficulties and noted that as Christians, it is important to show appreciation to God for his blessings because whatever height or status one acquires in life is only by the grace of God. Speaking shortly after the mass, the speaker of the state Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor thanked God for the elevation, which he described as the highest position any civil servant can attain and attributed it to her dedication to work and humility even as he appreciate Governor Willie Obiano for encouraging hard work. For the State Head of Service, Barrister Harry Uduh , Mrs  Obiano's appointment was inevitable because she is hardworking, dedicated and humble to the core advising her to keep the flag flying while praying God to sustain the success.  In their goodwill messages, the Commissioner for Education, Professor Kate Omenugha, her Ministry of Justice and Environment counterparts, Barrister Uju Nwogu and Architect Mike Okonkwo respectively, including Dr. Maxwell Chinedu-Ijeoma said it takes resilience, confidentiality and persistence to duty for one to attain such position in civil service and prayed God for more grace. Reacting to the success of his wife, Dr. Obiano said he thought they had it all but God decided to add another status to their lives and described his wife as humble, loving and God fearing, hence, the fruit they are enjoying. While appreciating God for his blessings upon her family and for the promotion, the celebrant,  Mrs. Obiano said that education is the bedrock to all successes and extolled Governor Obiano for the appointment. The family was joined to the thanksgiving mass by the MD/CEO of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nwora, the state chairman of APGA, Sir Norbert Obi and a host of others while thanksgiving, cutting of cake and other side attractions climaxed the event. 
Anambra Lawmaker Nwokoye Embarks On Road Construction At Amadim Village, Achalla Awka North Council Area
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-08-02 05:51:00CategoriesState Theme member representing Awka North Constituency in the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable John Nowokoye has commenced the construction of one kilometer road at Amadim Village Achalla, Awka North Council Area to compliment the efforts of Governor Willie Obiano in road construction. The road, which has been inaugurated, is the first of its kind in the history of the constituency. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the project brought joy to the people as they sang joyfully thanking the lawmaker for meeting their most pressing need.  In his remark, Honourable Nwokoye explained that the project will facilitate movement of farm produce by the people of Achalla Community, whose people are predominantly farmers. He stated that he embarked on the project to encourage well-to-do individuals in his constituency to key into the think home philosophy of Governor Obiano to guarantee rapid development of the state, even as he urged the state government to complete all ongoing roads in the council area. On his part, the traditional ruler of Achalla, Igwe Ositadimma Nwokedi, who lauded the initiative, noted that Honourable Nwokoye has demonstrated his commitment to the welfare of his people and called on others to emulate him. In his speech, the contractor handling the project, Mr. Chuka Okafor disclosed that the legislator has fully mobilized them to site and assured their readiness to deliver on scheduled.  For others, including the former member that represented the constituency, Honourable Boniface Okonkwo, the Director General, Honourable John Nwokoye Campaign Organization, Chief Chukwukadibia Onwenukwue and APGA Chairman for Mgbakwu Ward, Mr. Emeka Akaobi, Honourable Nwokoye has written his name in the sands of time by being the first legislator in Awka North Constituency to take up road construction. 
ACSONET Lauds Obiano On Citizens-Friendly Reforms, Infrastructural Development
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-02 05:46:41CategoriesState Anambra Civil Society Network, ACSONET, a platform for citizens’ stakeholders and non-state actors has lauded Governor Willie Obiano for enhancing the civic space participation. Speaking to newsmen, the chairman of ACSONET, Prince Chris Azor, who doubles as the citizens co-chair, Open Government Partnership, OGP, noted that the governor has opened wider the civic space for civil society organizations to thrive, adding that his citizens-friendly reforms and infrastructural projects have led to unprecedented development of the state since seven years he mounted the leadership position. The projects according to Prince Azor included the twenty million naira community choose-your-project initiative, Open Government Partnership and the Anambra State Community and Social Development Project, a World Bank-assisted initiative that has delivered about two hundred and fifty micro infrastructure projects, cutting across health, education, water, electricity, housing and agriculture sectors among others. According to the chairman, Anambra State stands up to be counted among states that are compliant with global best practices of governance integrity, calling on all citizens to join hands and support Obiano’s administration. 
Felicitations As  Chairman Stanel Group Uzochukwu  Clocks 39
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-08-01 07:21:21CategoriesState Anambra-born business Executive and philanthropist Dr Stanley Uzochukwu has hosted more than one thousand persons in commemoration of his thirty-ninth birthday. Joined by a cross-section of youths, widows, orphans, the aged and physically challenged, at the Stanel World Awka, the renowned entrepreneur kicked off the celebration with prayers and worship.  Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe has  reports that as he presented gifts to his guests, including the holy bible, Dr Uzochukwu said that among all the gifts he had in stock for them on the day, he believed that the holy book was worth more than anything in life as it was through its reviving words that he found his redemption.  He noted that the occasion was divinely instructed, stating that the best gift he expected from the guests was to embrace God and walk in His light, as it was through such practice that true success can come. Speaking about the benefactor, a widow, Mrs Hannatu Danladi from Plateau State, described Dr Uzochukwu as a practical Christian whose wealth has saved many people, noting that widows in the north central are also beneficiaries of his largesse.  Chinenye Okeke, who works with Anambra State Ministry of Justice but have had to be taken to work each day by a company vehicle assigned to her, by Dr Uzochukwu due to her physical condition, was given a brand new car by Stanel Group Chief Executive during the ceremony. Some members of staff of the Stanel Group also gave testimonies on how their Director have affected their lives with his benevolence.  A chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Chief Ben Obi was among those at the event. Dr Uzochukwu who was born on thirtieth July, 1982 in Calabar, Cross River State, hails from Osumenyi in Nnewi South Local Government Area.  
Mrs Esther Nwonye Umeadi Laid To Rest At Abagana Njikoka Council Area
AuthorCHIDINMA IKEANYIONWUDate2021-08-01 07:16:07CategoriesState The remains of the late Mrs Esther Nwonye Umeadi have been laid to rest. The burial which took place in her country home at Adagbe village Abagana Njikoka Local Government Area attracted Catholic Priests, friends, family and sympathizers. Chidinma Ikeanyionwu was there and reports that the late Mrs Esther Umeadi who died at the age of seventy-eight was a devout Christian and a philanthropist. Admonishing Christians to always strive to live a life worthy of emulation during the burial mass, the deceased nephew and a priest of Order of Mother of God, Reverend Father Kingsley Umeadi recounted how the late Mrs Esther  accommodated all who knew her while her son Obiorah Umeadi after the burial mass appreciated all who came to grief with them.  Recounting the moments she spent with her late mother, the deceased daughter Mrs Chikodili Nduaguibe and the deceased daughter in-law Mrs Nkechi Umeadi noted that their late mother was never weary although sick for some time but kept faith alive promising to carry on with her legacy. Expressing their grief over her demise, the sister to the deceased Mrs Virginia Ezegbulem and the deceased brother in law Chief Pius Umeadi said their sisters death is a huge loss to the Umeadi's even as they prayed God to rest her soul. In an interview, Mrs Amaka Josiah Okoli who recalled that she started living with the late Mrs Esther Umeadi at the age of ten and Mrs Theresa Okonkwo who also revealed that the deceased was her aunt explained that their late mother was a force to reckon with as she never for a day abandoned them and prayed God to continue to keep the Umeadi family together. Chigozie Atuanya, a popular Nollywood actor was also present as in laws andsympathizers continued to pay condolences. Musical displays, dance and cultural exhibitions also featured at the funeral. 
Court Of Appeal Gives APGA, National Chairman Nod To Appeal Jigawa High Court Judgment
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-01 07:11:54CategoriesPolitics State The Court of Appeal Kano Division has granted the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA and its National Chairman Dr. Victor Oye leave to appeal  the Bizarre and Infamous Jigawa Judgment of thirtieth June 2021. The Special Panel of the Court of Appeal Kano began by first dismissing the Preliminary Objection of Garba Aliyu, argued by D.D. Dodo SAN. The Court held that the Preliminary Objection is misconceived and therefore dismissed it. Having dismissed the Objection, the Court of Appeal went ahead to consider the merit of the Application for Leave to Appeal, filed by the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA  and its National Chairman, Dr. Victor Oye. The Court of Appeal Kano Division also granted accelerated Hearing of the Appeal saying that the Appellants have twenty-four hours to file and serve their Appellants brief of argument. According to the Court, the Respondents have three days only to respond to the Appellants Briefs including on weekends in the computation of the above days as stipulated. 
NARD To Resume Nationwide Strike Tomorrow
AuthorReporterDate2021-08-01 07:09:32CategoriesHealth Nigeria Doctors under the aegis of the National Association of Resident Doctors, NARD, have unanimously agreed to embark on an indefinite strike from Monday, August 2, 2021. This is coming at a very critical time when the country is currently experiencing a rise in COVID-19 infections; the signal of a third wave of the pandemic. The doctors reached the decision after their National Executive Council, NEC, meeting attended by over fifty members across the country. They noted that Federal Government has failed to honour and implement the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) it signed with them after over one hundred days. The doctors particularly dem anded immediate withdrawal of the circular removing House Officers from the scheme of service, which was not implemented. President of the NARD, Dr Uyilawa Okhuaihesuyi, who made these known in a statement, also noted that despite efforts by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila, to ensure the Medical Residency Training Funds is captured in the supplementary budget, the Federal Government has failed to disburse the funds to its members. 
Ohaneze Ndigbo VP Okeke Ogene Cautions Politicians Against False Endorsement Claims
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-08-01 07:07:59CategoriesState Political parties have been urged not to involve Ohaneze Ndigbo and Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU, in their internal affairs.   The Vice President Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Damian Okeke-Ogene gave this warning in Awka over the increasing desperation among some politicians in the state.   Paul Ezeoke reports that Chief Okeke Ogene who is also the Chairman, Board of Trustee of, ASATU, said while the Ohaneze Ndigbo, ASATU, traditional rulers and other stakeholders work closely to encourage stable and progressive political system and enabling political space, they are not in anywhere involved in partisan activities.   He explained that Ohaneze Ndigbo and ASATU remain strong sociocultural structures that promote collective welfare of the people, irrespective of political and religious leanings and cautioned those who are making false claims of endorsement of candidates and trying to create imaginary factions in the organizations to retrace their steps or face consequences of their actions.   The Ohaneze Ndigbo Vice President commended political parties for upholding the zoning arrangement, by choosing their candidates from Anambra South Senatorial zone and lauded Governor Willie Obiano for maintaining open door policy as well as carrying everybody along in sustaining equity and fairness in governance.   Also speaking, a former President General, Nnobi Town Union, Dr Mike Omenugha, urged politicians to uphold sense of maturity and responsibility in pursuing their aspirations and avoid acts that could threaten peace and stability in the state.   Dr Omenugha pointed out that the Anambra Electorate is only interested in a candidate who would consolidate on achievements already on ground and elevate the state to a higher pedestal, noting that Governor Obiano's Think Home Philosophy has attracted influx of investments in various sectors of the state economy including, massive investments in rice production and other key crops that have accelerated the state’s quest for food sufficiency, expansion of export capacity and creation of employment opportunities while on-going mass housing programmes are tackling the state accommodation needs. 
Court Orders NCS To Produce Suspect Ogbonnaya For Trial Over Murder Of  University Undergraduate Miss Nwoye  At Abagana Njikoka Council Area
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-08-01 07:06:31CategoriesState Anambra State High Court sitting in Neni, Anaocha Local Government Area has ordered the Nigeria Correctional Services in the State to produce one Mr. Kingsley Ogbonnaya, for commencement of trial over his alleged involvement in the murder of a University of Benin undergraduate, Miss Chinenye Promise Nwoye at Abagana, Njikoka Local Government Area.   Miss Nwoye, who was on scholarship at Uniben, was reportedly strangled to death on the twenty-seventh day of August, 2020, inside a hotel room at Abagana, Njikoka Local Government Area of Anambra State, after she was allegedly lured to the facility for the dastardly act.   This barbaric act led to the arrest of a twenty-four year old Ogbonnaya from Amovu, Arochukwu in Abia State, who claims to be a Welder at Building materials market, Ogidi, Anambra State.   His fellow suspect, one Kosarachukwu Chinedu Igwilo, has remained at large till the time of filling this report.   Following information by the State's Prosecution counsel that Correctional Services in the State are not producing inmates for prosecution, Justice Anulude gave the production warrant order and adjourned the matter to fourteenth September, to enable the suspect take a plea.   Correspondent, Joseph Egbeocha reports that nine witnesses had been lined up by the Prosecution counsel, while Police Public Relations Officer in the State, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, said efforts are on to arrest the fleeing suspect. 
Anambra Lawmaker Obalim-Udoba Urges Constituents To Participate In Continuous Voter Registration
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-08-01 07:04:13CategoriesState The member representing Anambra West Constituency, in the State House of Assembly, Honourable Patrick Obalim-Udoba, has appealed to his constituents to participate actively in the ongoing voter registration exercise in the State.   Honourable Udoba who was speaking at his Country home Umueze Anam, urged those who have attained the age of eighteen, voters who misplaced their cards or those whose voter cards were destroyed to use the opportunity to fix the problems.   The Lawmaker who is the Chairman, Anambra state House of Assembly Committee on transport, equally advised eligible voters who wish to transfer their voter cards from one polling booth to another, or people whose voter cards information are incorrect, to utilize the current opportunity to solve their problems.   Honourable Udoba reminded Ndi Anambra west that voter cards remain the only tool that will enable them vote candidates of their choices in the forthcoming Anambra governorship election as well as 2023 general elections.   The APGA stakeholder said he is optimistic that the party will win the November governorship poll, due to the sterling performance of Governor Willie Obiano led administration. 
Federal Lawmaker Obidigwe  Inaugurates Water Borehole Project At Eziagulu - Oti Aguleri Anambra East Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-08-01 07:02:27CategoriesState The Member representing, Anambra East and West Federal Constituency, Honourable Chinedu Obidigwe has commissioned a Water Borehole Project he built in Eziagulu-Otu Aguleri, Anambra East Local Government Area.   Speaking during the commissioning, Honourable Obidigwe who said that the gesture is in his burning desire to ensure that development gets to rural communities in the Federal Constituency, equally donated five hundred thousand naira to indigent women farmers in the area for farming project.  Honourable Obidigwe disclosed that the borehole shall solve the problem of unavailability of hygienic water in the area as well as his commitment in providing basic amenities and dividends of democracy to Ndi Anambra East and West.   Recall that few weeks ago, Honourable Obidigwe announced his Eighty Four Million Naira Community Choose Your Project Initiative for all the communities in Anambra East and West Federal Constituency.   Present at the event were, the traditional ruler of Eziagulu-Otu, Igwe Lawrence Nwofia, that of Mkpunando Otu Aguleri, Igwe, Johnson Onyeka Mbanefo, President general of Enugu Otu Aguleri, Chief Nnamdi Ikeli, and his Eziagulu-Otu and Mkpunando counterparts.  Others included, the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Local Government and Chieftaincy affairs, Chief Alex Onukwue, Chief Hyacinth Nwakacha, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Media, Chief Mrs Uju Edochie, the APGA Chairman of Anambra East, Chief Joseph Ekwealor, among others.  
NAU Holds Security Summit In Awka
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-31 07:23:41CategoriesState In its quest to proffer solution to the ever increasing insecurity in Nigeria, the Faculty of Social Sciences Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka has organized a one day security summit which drew critical stakeholders in the security architecture to strategize on possible ways to ensure adequate security for all. The event which has its theme as, “Security and the National Question ", attracted top officers of security agencies in Nigeria, including the Army, Police, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Department of State Services, National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, among others.  In a presentation on " the Nigerian National Question: Implications for National Unity, the Minister of Defence Major General Bashir Magashi who spoke through his Special Adviser Technical, Mr Almed Jibrin  regretted that while some Nigerian elites pursue their people's demands for equitable distribution of democracy dividends through peaceful means, others are pursuing it through violence which according to him threatens the safety, development and progress of the nation, and called on those instigating violence in the country to desist forthwith. For the lead paper presenter at the event, Professor Aja Akpuru- Aja there should be fairness, equity and justice in Nigeria in order to enthrone a peaceful nation, as he noted that what breed violence and lawlessness in today's Nigerian nation are inequitable distribution of democracy dividends, injustice, marginalization, among other inhuman treatment of a certain section of the country by Nigerian leadership.  In a remark, the Vice Chancellor of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Charles Esimone who was represented by the Deputy Vice Chancellor Academics, Professor Frederick Odibo commended the Faculty of Social Sciences for organizing such a unique event which he believed will go a long way in tackling insecurity in Nigeria, and reassured the commitment of the University management towards ensuring qualitative teaching and learning in the institution.  Earlier in his welcome address, the Dean of the faculty, Professor Uche Nwogwugwu harped on the need for critical stakeholders in Nigeria to as a matter of urgency tackle the insecurity in the country by amicably addressing issues that encourage the challenges. 
Anambra Govt, EU, WHO Hold Workshop  For Health Information Officers On Data Application, Reporting In Awka
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-31 07:20:06CategoriesNews Anambra State Government with support from the European Union is partnering the World Health Organization to commence District Health Information System Data Analytic Application and Health Facility Registry workshop. To this end, a team of personnel from Health Information Systems Programme Nigeria, Federal Ministry of Health and World Health Organization are in the state to support the Data Operation Centre operationalization. This will feature the introduction of key officers to World Health Organization Data Quality App in updating the Health Facility Registry software and database. The Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala in declaring the workshop open, urged the participants to participate actively in order to achieve the objectives of the training. Dr Okpala expressed joy at the way the training is being co-ordinated and encouraged the participants to pay attention so as to help in proffering lasting solution to the challenges facing data reporting in the State. The Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Health Mr Linus Nwankwo represented the commissioner at the training. The State Director Planning Research and Statistics, Mrs Edith Nwachukwu said that the training is also aimed at updating the State's facility registry as well as to look into data gathering proficiency. 
NCC Sets Up Annual Operating Regulatory Levy
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-31 07:18:31CategoriesNigeria The Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC, has set up an annual operating regulatory levy to ensure that all licensees are properly and equitably assessed to meet statutory and regulatory expectations. This was disclosed by Professor Umar Danbatta, Executive Vice-Chairman of the Nigerian Communications Commission, during the Public Inquiry on two regulatory instruments draft in Abuja. Professor Danbatta explained that the two key regulatory instruments were tailored to meet the challenges and to further strengthen the market structure of the industry. The instruments are Annual Operating Regulations and the Frequency Spectrum Regulations, which fees and pricing fall under. The first instrument will bring the regulations in line with current realities and sustain the enviable contributions of the communications sector to the country’s Gross Domestic Product. The second instrument is a vehicle that enables the commission to meet its role and exclusive mandate in Section one-two-one of the Nigerian Communications Act 2003 by assigning this scarce national resource in an equitable manner. The regulations also ensure that frequency spectrum are assigned and managed in a way that ensures fair pricing and efficient deployment of attendant services. The public inquiry is a precursor to the commission’s current drive to ensure efficiency in spectrum management and unveiling of next-generation services through varied enablers. The Executive Vice-Chairman said that the Commission had begun the process of deploying Fifth Generation technology in Nigeria, which largely depended on the appropriate frequency spectrum. 
Veteran Nollywood  Actress Jackie Appian Tasks Young Artists On Consistency To Achieve Stardom
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-07-31 07:16:40CategoriesState Veteran Nollywood Actress, Ms Jackie Appiah, has advised young artists to show strong passion and consistency in their pursuit of stardom. Miss Appiah, who was a guest on ABS radio and television program "Nzuko Anambra" said upcoming artists, who want to grow in the highly competitive entertainment industry, must show humility and know that success has no fast lane. The Ghanaian-born star, who is in Anambra State for the official opening of Fast Chow Chinese Restaurant at Stanel World, Awka, noted that the Company has blended excellently in both entertainment and business.  She thanked Ndi Anambra for the unique reception given to her since her arrival in the State, and expressed her love for Anambra as one of the most hospitable states in Nigeria.  Callers during the program all welcomed the movie icon and advised that she explores the State to see more of its beauty and endowment. 
Sensitization Workshop  On  Women Participation In Continuous Voter Registration Ends In Awka
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-07-31 07:10:41CategoriesState The need for Anambra women to participate actively in the electoral process has been emphasized.   At a one day South East Sensitization workshop for Women on Continuous Voters Registration held at Professor Dora Akunyili Women Development Centre, Awka, stakeholders described women's active participation in the electoral process as critical in achieving good governance.   Queen Anigbogu reports that the workshop, which was organized by PAN African Women Projects in collaboration with Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, attracted Government officials, Traditional rulers, People Living With Disabilities, faith-based organizations and women groups from the five South Eastern States.   In her address, the Head of Mission, PAN African Women Projects, Dr Mrs Eno Udensi, said the event was to create awareness on the ongoing Continuous Voters Registration and call on women, youths, People Living With Disabilities and other groups, who are yet to register to use the opportunity to go and register, in order to participate in the November sixth Anambra State governorship election.  She noted that the programme would help to build confidence in women, whom she said are managers of families and have the capability to speak to people in the communities, Churches and market places, to get their voters cards.   On women's apathy towards electoral process, Dr Mrs Udensi said the introduction of online  voters registration and electronic voting  by INEC will ensure that their votes will count, urging Ndi Anambra, who are eligible, but do not have voters cards, to go and get registered at the ongoing Continuous Voters Registration exercise.   In his opening remark, the Anambra State Resident Electoral Commissioner, INEC, Dr Nkwachukwu Orji, expressed dissatisfaction with the number of Ndi Anambra that have registered so far at the ongoing registration exercise, urging them to come out and register to enable them exercise their franchise during the November sixth governorship election.   He revealed that there are twenty-two INEC registration locations situated in the headquarters of each of the twenty one Local Government Areas of Anambra State, as well as the State headquarters of INEC in Awka.   In a paper presentation titled, "Voters Registration, A Call for Women Participation", the keynote speaker, Professor Joy Ezeilo, who pointed out that women have what it takes to change the narrative in the electoral process of the nation, urged them to begin to reflect on the Nigeria they have and the Nigeria they want, and to use their votes, which are powerful and of great value to get things right in Nigeria.   Also speaking, the State Director, National Orientation Agency, Barrister Charles Nworji, noted that the workshop is strategic and expressed hope that it will reflect in the total number of voters during the November sixth governorship election.   In her remark, a former Minister of Women Affairs, Iyom Josephine Anineh, pointed that Government is involved in the life of people from birth till death, hence the need for the electorate to use their voting power to elect credible people to lead them, urging the participants to take the message of the workshop to the grassroots.   Also speaking, Mrs Joyce Ndem of PAN African Women Projects, called on Government to make use of town criers to take the message of Continuous Voters Registration exercise to the villages.   Others who spoke at the event which featured drama presentation and cultural dance include the Anambra Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue, represented by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Economic planning, Dr Daniel Ezeanwu, HOD, VEP, INEC Anambra State, Mr Samuel Ninem, a resource person, Prince Stafford Bisong, among others. 
Modernity Edging  Out Mud Houses In Communities
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-31 07:08:20CategoriesColumnist In the olden days, mud houses designed with different patterns were popular and  fashionable among the influential in different Igbo and African societies. Is it still so today? Mud Houses or “Unọ Àjà Ọtọ” in Igbo parlance are built with clay soil, and possess high thermal mass, making them absorb heat during the day and release them at night,  part of the reasons Africans adopted that method in building houses as they make the rooms cooler in the evenings. They also have better resistance to fire.  Correspondent, Blessing Dennis reports that for most families, living in such houses is not because they are resisting modernity or prefer the advantages of Unọ Àjà ọtọ, but are left in the predicament because of poverty as they are financially constrained to build modern houses. ABS News Crew undertook a special visit to a  Community in Awka South Local government area and met with families who recounted their experiences, and challenges living in mud houses in the twenty-first Century. It  also observed  that in Isiagu Community,  “Unọ Àjà Oto “and thatch houses or “Ụlọ Akịrịka”, are gradually giving way to modern houses built with bricks, blocks, cement and concrete or imported materials to satisfy modern tastes. In an interview with the ABS, Mrs Victoria Nwaokonkwo from Amata village , Isiagu who claimed that her mud house has lasted for over two hundred  years having been transferred from generation to generation, said although she still treasures the house, dynamism of life and technology has caught up with her choice.  Another respondent who spoke to the ABS, Mrs Chinasa Nwokonkwo from the same community, is experiencing another tragedy as half of her mud house has collapsed. She said her family now finds it difficult to sleep as initial repairs on the house with Zinc and other materials are all damaged and they  now sleep with one eye opened whenever it rains. She appealed to the State government, corporate organizations, kind -hearted individuals and other well-meaning groups to remember them and intervene for them. A tenant in one of the mud houses, Mr Philip Nwora, from Ebonyi State, said he chose to live in the house not because he likes it but could only afford it. For Mr Michael Okeke, keeping the mud houses is a source of income as Nollywood producers and film makers usually hire the houses as movie locations, serve as tourist attractions and also used as a platform to remind him and family about the legacies of their parents and ancestors. In their separate remarks, Mr Sylvester Nkemdirim said  mud houses are also kept to remind the villagers about the houses and families whose wealth and influence had lasted. 
Obiano Receives More Commendations For Appointing Physically Challenged Athlete Mrs Nwodika  As Aide
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-31 07:05:14CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has been commended for appointing an award-winning and multi-talented physically challenged athlete, Mrs Esther Nwodika, as his Special Assistant on Physically Challenged.   The Special Adviser to the Governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie, who spoke to the ABS on the development, praised Governor Obiano for all his administration has done for persons with disabilities in Anambra state, irrespective of their States of origin, describing the gesture as true service to God and humanity.   Barrister Ezewuzie congratulated Mrs Nwodika on her new assignment and urged her to justify the confidence reposed in her by the Governor by ensuring that she uses her good office for the betterment of their members.   Mrs Nwodika, before her appointment, was a longtime volunteer at the Office of the Governor on Disability matters, and has been a member of Team Anambra to various State and National sporting events.   Correspondent, Chibuzor Okoye reports that Mrs Nwodika, is a multi-medalist, who has won two silver and one bronze medals for Anambra state in several sporting outings. 
Anambra Continues To Excel In Education As 10 Year-Old Ifunanya Nwanegbo Becomes Best Young Mathematician In Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-30 07:28:46CategoriesState By Ikenna Aniagboso Anambra State continues to record excellent results in education as 10 year-old Ifunanya Nwanegbo, a pupil of Mabel Divine International School, Nnewi, Anambra State, has become the best young mathematician in Nigeria by winning a prestigious national mathematics competition. Miss Nwanegbo defeated no fewer than 200,000 pupils from schools across the federation to win the 18th national mathematics competition with a total score of 98.132%. The competition was organized by the Nigerian Tulip International College, Abuja. Miss Ifunanya and Anambra State received N400,000 for winning the first prize and a full scholarship, while her school received a photocopier machine.  In a video which has now gone viral online, little Ifunanya displayed rare confidence when she said that she had minor difficulties in solving just a few questions in the competition. Those minor issues took a fractional 1.8% from what would have been a perfect 100% score for Anambra's Nigeria's young mathematics champion. The State Commissioner for Basic Education, Prof Kate Omenugha, said that she expected nothing less from Anambra pupils participating in any national and international educational competition, noting that the young pupil's brilliance and confidence reflected the standard and quality of education in Anambra State and the values which the State government under Gov Willie Obiano has imbibed in the children.  Prof Omenugha lauded Ifunanya's coach and teacher, Mr Emmanuel Egwuchukwu, for his dedication and commitment. "This is the spirit that has kept education in Anambra State on the part of excellence and has made our teachers and pupils winners in several national and international competitions", she enthused . Ifunanya's mother, Mrs Nwanegbo, expressed gratitude to God for giving her daughter the knowledge and confidence to compete most effectively in the competition which described as one "for true champions". The Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment in the state, Mr C Don Adinuba, congratulated the Governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano on numerous awards which the state has won in Nigeria and abroad as a result of his administration's policies and huge investments in education.  He expressed great delight over Ifunanya's stellar performance, saying it is "consistent with the performance of schoolchildren from the state in national and international competitions like the 2018 Technovation which pupils of Regina Pacis Model Girls School, Onitsha, won in Silicon Valley, United States, on August 9, 2018; the 2019 International Festival of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics held in Tunisia from February 21 to 27, 2019, where St John's Secondary School, Alor, won the Bronze, the 2021 Global Internet Competition which Queen of the Rosary secondary School, Onitsha, clinched the Gold Medal, in addition to the 2019 World Teachers Day in Abuja organized on October 9 by the Federal Ministry of Education, The Presidency and the Nigeria Union of Teachers with the state winning four of the available 24 prizes whereas most states didn't get any and the few which received did not get more than one each, to say nothing about the fact that the state went home with two of the four vehicles donated by President Muhammadu Buhari. "This is not to overlook the fact that Loretto Special Science School at Adazi Nnukwu won the first position in the 2016 assessment of schools by the Federal Ministry of Education in the senior secondary schools category while Queen of the Rosary College, Onitsha, won the first prize in the junior secondary schools category and Clement Okondo of the Abagana Central School took the first position in the primary school category. "There are many other examples we can cite about Anambra's excellence in education like Grundtvig International School winning the Private School of the Year award from the Nigeria Union of Teachers in 2020, but time wouldn't permit. "Ifunanya, our emerging Chike Obi, has made us proud. She and pupils like her will continue to perform brilliantly under the excellent policies of the Willie Obiano-led administration in Anambra State, even as the administration nears its end. Anambra and Nigeria's mathematics champion, Miss Ifunanya Nwanegbo, won a cash prize of N400,000.00, a full scholarship by the Nigerian Tulip International College and a brand new photocopier for her school. 
Commentary: The Need To Take Part In The Electoral Process
AuthorIfy ObinaboDate2021-07-30 07:20:09CategoriesColumnist Having experimented democratic governance for twenty-two years now, it is widely believed that Nigeria has come a long way in taking this form of government to the next level. Apart from being a system of government under which people exercise their governing power, either directly or through elected representatives, democracy provides a veritable platform for the citizenry to express their views on issues of national importance.
However, democratic practice can engender national discontent and acrimony, if apathy, sentiment and sectional bias are allowed to override its basic principles, norms and values. Democracy worldwide demands from the people a certain level of ability and character. These include rational conduct and active participation in decision making process, intelligent understanding of public affairs, independent and unbiased judgment, tolerance and selfless devotion to public welfare.
Unfortunately, the kind of democracy we practice in Nigeria cannot be said to have these ingredients. Rather, most Nigerians view democracy from party point of view, tribal inclinations and warped political mindset.
Many hardly see anything good in any government so long as that government does not pander to their selfish interest.
It is an established fact that some of the ethno-political skirmishes we witnessed in some parts of the country in recent times were triggered off by unguarded utterances, actions and unwholesome outbursts by those who are supposed to be in the forefront of the campaign for national integration and political cohesion.  No doubt, many people with sound democratic ideas have been degraded politically because of biased political culture and orientation.
In our bid and desire to have only our people at the helm of affairs at all times, we often jettison merit and enthrone mediocrity, even at the expense of our common good. It is only in Nigeria that forces are mobilized by interest groups in defense of corrupt leaders and treasury looters. At times, some sing the praises of such corrupt leaders for having the bravado to steal from the national wealth, and they often regard such loot as their own share of the “national cake”. This is quite unacceptable and should be discouraged in all ramifications. It is also observed that any decision made at the governmental level, no matter how ideal, is usually described as politically motivated.
There is no doubt that conflict of ideas and divergent opinions are bound to exist in a democratic dispensation like ours, given our heterogeneity and beleaguered political evolution, but people should always look at issues more critically by thinking beyond party line and sectional cocoon in the interest of national growth. It is quite sad that Nigerians do not vote because of sad experiences they had in the past or due to other forms of apathy, while others only consider candidates on the basis of the strength of their pocket.
Some of those who aspire to public offices are too selfish; they want to fill their pockets. They do not even consider the achievements of those occupying the position, whom they want to change. That is why elections are usually made a do or die affair, as against what obtains in advanced democracies where people see election as a call to service.
Time has therefore come for all Nigerians to make a sober reflection on our political history and see where we get it right and where we need some fine tuning in the interest of all of us.
Although the long period of military rule may have contributed partly to our political problems, it has become imperative to take a cursory look at other West African and African countries with whom we started this epic journey to freedom and see where they are today.
Let us all join hands in uplifting the ideals of the political process. Make sure you register to enable you vote. We must realize that our political values we abuse and bastardize now will surely provide the democratic foundation of our future and that of our children.
Anambra State Assembly Commences Verification Of Financial Transactions Of MDAs
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-30 07:17:33CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Public Account has commenced verification of the 2020 financial transactions of government Ministries and agencies in the State. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the exercise which is holding at the Assembly complex in Awka is one of the major functions of the House. In his remarks, the Chairman of the Committee, Sir Somtochukwu Udeze explained that the meeting is not designed to witch-hunt anybody but to ascertain if government agencies followed due process in expending the funds allocated to them in 2020 by the Anambra State House of Assembly as required by law. Sir Somtochukwu called on all the Ministries appearing before the committee to keep their records straight to enable it do a thorough job The Ministry of Social Welfare Children and Women Affairs led by the Commissioner, Mrs Ndidi Mezue and her Health counterpart, Dr Vincent Okpala and key functionaries of the Ministries have appeared before the committee and defended their financial transactions for the year under review. 
2021 Anambra State School Leaders  Summit Ends In Onitsha
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-07-30 07:12:21CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano says education remains the most important tool for human development. Governor Obiano stated this at the 2021 Anambra State School Leaders Summit titled twenty-first Century School Leadership and Post COVID-19 School Rebranding" organized by the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Secondary School Monitoring, Dame Chinyere Mbakwe in Onitsha maintained that his administration prioritizes education and insists on quality education as it enables students to develop all their attributes and skills to achieve their potential.  The Governor represented by his Special Adviser on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal Practice, Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim  recalled the achievements recorded in the education sector under APGA government in the state and urged teachers to assist parents in teaching and moulding the character of Anambra State school children stressing the need for continuity for more development in the State.  Anambra State Commissioner for Basic Education Professor Kate Omenugha represented by the Zonal Education Officer for Onitsha, Mrs Nkechi Ihebuche, said Dame Chinyere Mbakwe is a school proprietor who understands the challenges of private education saying that private schools have contributed so much to education advancement in the State and charged them to always maintain quality education the State is known for. The Chairman Anambra State House of  Assembly Committee on Basic Education, Sir  Ejike Okechukwu  who was represented on the occasion enjoined teachers and school proprietors to be role model in their respective schools.  Earlier in a welcome address, Dame Chinyere Mbakwe noted that twenty first century leadership is a perspective of leadership intended to respond to the unique challenges expressing the hope that with the workshop, school leaders, educators and teachers will be equipped with the tools that will enable them surmount COVID-19 challenges. Lead Consultant of Riskout Consults, Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Mr Justice Iyiegbu took the teachers on "Organization Leadership, Leading For Change. Oggorchukwu Oranu who covered the event reports that National President of Owners of Private Schools Association of Nigeria, Mr Uzochukwu Solomon among others attended the event while presentation of certificate to the participants featured at the workshop. 
Archbishop Okeke Asks  Leaders To Promote Welfare Of Masses
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-07-30 07:08:42CategoriesState The Metropolitan Archbishop of Onitsha Archdiocese, Most Reverend Valerian Okeke has called on those in leadership' positions to see selves as servants of the people. Archbishop Okeke made the call while addressing members of Catholic Women’s Organization during their meeting at the Basilica of the Most Holy Trinity Onitsha with the theme “Role of Women in Eradicating Child Trafficking. The prelate, who emphasized the pivotal role of women in nation building, encouraged them to continue building bridges for the advancement of God's kingdom on earth.  Earlier in an address, the president, Catholic Women’s Organization, Mrs. Ifeyinwa Onochie, who harped on the prevailing issues of insecurity and incessant killings confronting the nation, charged women to intensify efforts in fighting child trafficking and labor. In a lecture, a resource person, Justice Joseph Nwaeze charged mothers to re- double their efforts in child upbringing. In an interview, a stakeholder, Dr. Laurette Ukeje called on mothers to imbibe and rekindle the spirit of love.  Contributing, some young mothers including Miriam Chukwuma, Oby Arinze Nnonye Tabansi, Chiebonam Emeka and Uju Ubboe reiterated their readiness in championing the course of changing the narratives of Catholic Women’s Organization through vibrant and innovative ideas.  Correspondent Odinaka Nwolisa reports that the meeting featured the conferment    of Queen of Catholic Women’s Organization on Mrs. Ebele Onuora. 
Anambra Assembly Passes Bill For Management Of It's Funds
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-30 07:01:56CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill for a law to provide for the Management of Funds of the State House of Assembly 2021. The bill which was presented to the House by Majority Leader, Dr Nnamdi Okafor during yesterday's plenary was passed after it was adopted clause-by-clause at the committee of the whole. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim was there and reports that the bill seeks to provide for the management of Funds accruing to the State House of Assembly from the Consolidated Revenue Fund of the State in order to ensure accountability, transparency, effectiveness and efficiency in the utilization of the funds . It provides that the Anambra State House of Assembly Funds Management Committee shall consider the manner in which funds on the House Account are applied for the services and administration of the House of Assembly,  and other relevant agencies of the House of Assembly. It also stipulates that the committee shall upon receipt of the allocation to the State House of Assembly from the State Accounts Allocation Committee, approve the transfer of the amount due to the various sub Accounts stated in Section 4(2)(c) of the law accordingly, among others. Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor read out the bill to the House, while the legislators supported it through a voice vote. 
Gabriel Chukwuma Disagrees With Sen. Ifeanyi Uba Over  Payment For Football Club, Stadium
AuthorUmeh ChimezieDate2021-07-30 06:59:50CategoriesState Two prominent Nnewi sons, Senator Patrick Ifeanyi Ubah and Chief Gabriel Chukwuma, proprietor of defunct Gabros Football Club, Nnewi are at loggerheads over the issue of purchase of the club and stadium from Chief Chukwuma by the senator. Senator Ubah had in a recent interview in an Nnewi -based radio station said that he has paid for the stadium and the club, the sum of One hundred and sixty-eight million. However, his claim appear to have unsettled Chief Chukwuma who described the information given out by Senator Ubah as false. Chimezie Umeh’s reports that while addressing a press conference in his home town, Nnewi, Chief Chukwuma said that the said property is still his own with all the documents and Certificate of Occupancy, as no payment was made into his account. According to Gabros, Senator Ubah only made part payment for Football Club Gabros, and not the stadium and some plots of land around the stadium. He said that a part payment of one hundred million Naira was made for the Football club alone, remaining two hundred million Naira, while no payment was made for the stadium and surrounding plots of land, which was valued at four hundred and thirty eight million Naira, ten years ago. Chief Chukwuma recalled that all the reconciliation meetings held on  the issues   proved abortive, including mediations by his younger brother, Chief Innocent Chukwuma ( Innosson) and Igwe Kenneth Orizu of Nnewi. He also stated that Gabros Stadium is still his own as he is no longer willing to sell it because of the  mindset of the buyer. Chief Chukwuma called on the public to call Senator Ubah to order and also advised him to desist from actions and utterances unbecoming of a gentleman. 
CMD COOUTH Akabuike Marks 100 Days In Office
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-30 06:55:05CategoriesState The Chief Medical Director, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital Amaku, Awka, Dr. Joe Akabuike has marked one hundred days in office amidst eulogies and commendations for a job well done. The event attracted dignitaries from all walks of life, government officials, the academia, students, friends and well-wishers of the medical expert.  Health correspondent Chibuzor Okoye  reports that  x-raying his one hundred days in office, Dr. Akabuike who thanked Governor Willie Obiano for the confidence reposed in him, said that his mission is to make the hospital one of the best teaching hospitals in Nigeria in terms of human and infrastructural developments. The Chief Medical Director enumerated some of his achievements to include, procurement of power generating set, building and equipping of a dialysis unit and training of Renal Nurses on the use of dialysis machine, construction and equipping of Consultants Lounge, the first of its kind in Eastern region of Nigeria, procurement of ultra sound machine among others.  The State Commissioner for Health Dr Vincent Okpala commended Dr. Akabuike for his landmark achievements within hundred days in office, Dr Okpala also warned Ndi Anambra to keep observing all Covid-19 preventive protocols as Delta variant of the disease is causing mayhem in Nigeria at the moment. . In his opening remark, the Chairman, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital Board of Directors, Dr. Clement Idigo represented by Prof. Francis Oguno of the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, noted that the Board is happy with the tremendous achievements of the CMD and assured that they will give him maximum support at all times.  Other dignitaries at the event were, the pioneer Chief Medical Director of the hospital, Dr. Lawrence Ikeakor, the Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi, the Anambra state chairman, Nigeria Medical Association, Dr. Jide Ikeakor, among others. Rendition by the school of nursing choir of the hospital added glamour to the event. 
Omor - Anaku Communal Crisis: Panel Visits Disputed Areas
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-30 06:46:28CategoriesState The Anambra state Panel of Inquiry into Omor and Anaku communal crisis in Ayamelum Local Government Area, has visited the disputed areas for on the spot assessment of the extent of damage done. The Panel led by its Chairman, Retired Air Vice Marshall Ben Chiobi, and its Secretary, Mrs Chinyere Nwabashili, toured all the affected areas with the local government Transition Chairman of Ayamelum council area as well as members of Ayamelum Boundary Adjustment and Peace Committee, members of the affected communities with the support of security men.  Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye reports that  after moving round the areas involved in the crisis, Air Vice Marshall Chiobi who thanked members of the two communities for their comportment, said that the Panel decided to come and see the areas those who appear before the Panel in Awka, often mention to ascertain the level of damage done. He assured that they are committed to seeing to the end of the crisis to enable the State government take a decision based on their findings and recommendations.  Air Vice Marshall Chiobi who is also the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Creative security, revealed that from their findings, the crisis has to do with proper delineation of boundaries between both communities and assured that the state government will go to any length in solving community related problems across Anambra State using alternative dispute resolution mechanisms. The Chairman of the Panel appealed to both communities to support the Panel  to do a judicious and satisfactory job, even as he urged Ndi Omor and Anaku to give peace a chance in order to attract development to the area.  The Transition Committee Chairman, Ayamelum Local Government Area, Barr. Benjamin Anyafulu-Onyeabo commended Governor Obiano for setting up the Committee and assured that the council area will give the Panel every necessary support they need to excel in their assignment. For the Chairman, Ayamelum Boundary Adjustment & Peace Committee, Mr. Ben Ezeagbogu, they will continue to synergize with the Panel members to ensure that justice is done in the matter for peace to reign.  ABS equally observed that the crisis has sacked officers of the Nigeria Police Force, Ayamelum Division from their office located in Anaku. 
Second  Dose Of Inactivated Polio Vaccination Commences At Primary Healthcare Centres In Anambra State
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-07-30 06:43:00CategoriesHealth The Executive Secretary, National Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Faisal Shuaib has asked caregivers in Anambra State to ensure they take their children and wards who are under the age of two to partake in the second dose of Inactivated polio vaccine, otherwise known as IPV2, as the exercise has commenced in all the primary health care centers in the State. Dr Shuaib made the call in Awka during a meeting with stakeholders drawn from faith based and media organizations, traditional rulers, community leaders, policy and implementation stakeholders on the introduction of the second dose of the in-activated polio vaccine. Correspondent, David Okpokwasilib reports that the meeting is ahead of the intensified IPV2 exercise going on at health centers that started yesterday and will last till August second. Dr Shuaib who was represented by NPHCDA Monitor from Abuja, Mrs Grace Samson said the meeting is to ensure that the newly introduced vaccine is widely accepted as it is important to ensure total eradication of polio disease. He explained that initially, the inactivated polio vaccine is given at fourteen weeks but with the introduction of IPV2, the first dose will now be inoculated at six weeks while the second dose will now come at fourteen weeks, while those who had taken the first dose at fourteen weeks will now take the second dose eight weeks after the first dose. Dr Shuaib also added that the second dose is to intensify the exercise through routine Immunization to sustain the efforts and successes recorded against polio in the country. The Director, Disease Control and Immunization, Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr Placid Uliagbafusi, said the vaccination is very important to ensure that polio never returns to the country as well as to boost immunity.     . The meeting also featured lectures by the State Health Educator, Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Mrs Uju Onwugbuesi and interaction on issues about the introduction of the IPV2. Also in attendance at the meeting were the Anambra State Coordinator, NPHCDA, Mr Obioha Agbakwuru, the State Director, National Orientation Agency, Barrister Charles Nworji, State Immunization Officer, Mrs Nkechi Onwugbunka, and the Traditional ruler of Ukwalla, in Anambra West Local Government Area, Igwe Joseph Ajudu, members of the Red Cross Society, Rotary International and many other stakeholders. 
Commentary: Checking The Spread Of Hepatitis
AuthorProf. Peter KatchyDate2021-07-29 06:56:21CategoriesColumnist Hepatitis is the acute inflammation of the liver as a result of virus infection. The condition can be self-limiting or can progress to liver cancer. Other infections, toxic substances such as alcohol, certain drugs, and autoimmune diseases can also cause hepatitis.
Hepatitis is dangerous because it affects the liver, which is very essential in the body. Liver has a wide range of functions, including: filtering harmful substances from the blood, such as alcohol. It also stores vitamins, proteins and minerals in the body. Liver produces biochemical needed for digestion, maintains proper levels of glucose in the blood, produces body's cholesterol, stores and decomposes red blood cells, among others. 
There are five main hepatitis viruses, referred to as types A, B, C, D and E. Types B and C lead to chronic disease in millions of people and, together, are the most common cause of liver cancer. Hepatitis A and E are caused by ingestion of contaminated food or water. Hepatitis B, C and D usually occur as a result of contact with infected body fluids.
Common modes of transmission include receipt of contaminated blood, using contaminated equipment. For Hepatitis B, transmission is usually from mother to baby at birth as well as from family member to child, and also by sexual contact.
The incubation period is variable from two to six weeks. Acute infection may occur with limited or no symptoms. symptoms are jaundice, yellowing of the skin and eyes, dark urine, fatigue, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain, clay coloured stools, fever, lack of appetite, itching, weight loss and headache
If left untreated and unmanaged, Hepatitis B or C can lead to advanced liver scarring, liver cancer or liver failure. According to statistics, Viral Hepatitis affects 400 million people globally and, given the size of the epidemic, anyone and everyone can be at risk. However, over 90% of people with Hepatitis C can be cured of the virus within three to six months.
To prevent hepatitis, we must Wash our hands with soap after going to the toilet, consume food that has just been cooked, drink clean or boiled water, eat enough fruits and vegetables and get a vaccine for Hepatitis, if you travel to places where Hepatitis may be endemic. People should also practice safe sex, only use clean syringes that have not been used by anyone else, desist from sharing toothbrushes, razors, or manicure instruments and only allow well sterilized skin perforating equipment for tattoo, acupuncture and others. Those who are infected should cover open wounds and go easy on alcohol
It is unfortunate that most of the hepatitis drugs are not manufactured in Nigeria and with a very high foreign exchange rate of currency, the cost of drugs are very prohibitive. Importation of genuine hepatitis drugs is also a mirage as there are only very few pharmaceutical companies that can import and dispense genuine drugs.
Again, people dump refuse along the roads, inside the gutters and at the center of densely populated areas. Residents of such areas breathe and inhale polluted air that contains virus, which in turn causes pathogenic diseases to the people. Such dangerous unhygienic habit results in serious health hazards to them and others.
In such unsanitary conditions, food are prepared and sold to the public, confectioneries, vegetables, and fruits are hawked. Unhygienic and impure drinking water are poured into cellophane, packaged as pure water, chilled and hawked to the public.
Habitual drinking of badly prepared local gin, palm wine and excessive consumption of alcoholic beverages pose bigger dangers to the liver’s inhabitants, which will result in hepatitis.
Thus, the Nation is the ultimate loser in terms of man power loses during sickness, loss of revenue in the provision of therapy and at times resultant loss of lives. Therefore, let us join hands to eliminate hepatitis.
Obiano Lands At Anambra International Airport, Reassures Of Early Completion
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-07-29 06:53:49CategoriesState Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano has reassured of delivering the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri in record time. Governor Obiano also gave assurance that commercial operation will soon commence at the airport shortly after he landed on the facility from a trip .  Government House Correspondent Ejike Abana reports that on arrival, the governor was received by members of the state House of Assembly led by the Speaker, Right Honourable Uchenna Okafor, APGA gubernatorial candidate, Professor Charles Soludo and his Deputy, Dr. Onyeka Ibezim, members of the state Executive Council, traditional rulers, and APGA faithful among others.  Governor Obiano, who expressed satisfaction that he got the opportunity to test the airport, said that the experience was smooth. On Anambra Governorship  he gave assurance that the mistake made by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, in the publication of party candidates for the November sixth gubernatorial election in the state will be corrected soon.  Speaking earlier, the Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor explained that at the terminal building, the shutter doors have been installed,  while the sound system, the lift and escalators , light for the landing among others are already on ground which made it ninety-five percent completed. The Commissioner further revealed that marking of the park is in progress and pointed out that for the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority and Ministry of Aviation to give approvals for  test flight operations at  the airport showed  that Anambra State Government is on course with the project.  The successful landing of the aircraft made it the fifth plane to land at the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport. 
SS Peter And Paul's Church Isiakpu Nise Marks 164th Anniversary Of Advent Of Christianity In Igboland With Prayers For Nigeria
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-07-29 06:50:35CategoriesState In commemoration of the one-hundred and sixty-fourth anniversary of the advent of Christianity in Igbo land, Anglican faithful at SS Peter and Paul’s Church Isiakpu Nise, joined their counterparts across Igbo land to pray for Nigeria. The annual event  also featured visit to the orphanage homes, and other activities on Diocesan and Archdeaconry levels. Correspondent Chibuzo Obidike reports that in Awka Diocese, special prayers for divine security, peace in the country and a free and fair November sixth governorship election in the state were the main focus for the celebration. Anglican Faithful at SS Peter and Paul Parish, Nise also celebrated the one-hundred-and-eleventh anniversary of the coming of Christianity to the community.  In his sermon, the Parish Vicar, Reverend Canon Timothy Okwuchineke, whose message centered on “God is bigger than our problems” noted that the joy of the event is evident in the breakthrough and healings to the south east region of the country and asked the people to remain committed to things of God as a way to heal the country. Also speaking, Igwe Romanus Iloh of Nise  assured the parishioners  that the gains in Christianity are enormous which the existence of Christianity in Igbo land has proven in eliminating the evil lifestyle of the world. For the Coordinator of this year’s anniversary, Evangelist Emmanuel Okpagu, the three days event seeks  to build their spiritual strength with God and to highlight the importance of establishing family altar in every home for regular communication with God. Contributing, the wife of the Parish Vicar, Mrs. Comfort Okwuchineke said that the existence of the gospel of Christ has reflected positively in the lives of women and encouraged them to strive to be role models at all times. The parish later paid a visit to the Blessed Nise Community Children’s Home, where prayers and donations of gifts and food items formed the highpoints of the celebration. 
St. Marks Anglican Church Enugwu - Agidi Njikoka Council Area Celebrates 164th  Anniversary Of CMS In Igboland
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-29 06:47:43CategoriesState St Mark's Anglican Church Enugwu-Agidi, Njikoka Local Government Area has  joined other Anglican faithful in this part of the world to celebrate the one hundred and sixty-fourth anniversary of Church Missionary Society, CMS, in Igbo land. On the twenty seventh of July every year, Anglican faithful commemorate the advent of Christianity in Igbo land through CMS, led by Samuel Ajayi Crowther in 1857.  Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo  reports that the celebration is a medium through which the church acknowledges the efforts of early missionaries in propagating the gospel of Jesus Christ across the globe especially as it concerns the Igbo land. It is also a means through which they pray for the church and nation, assist the less privileged and as well remind Christians of their roles in nation building and propagation of the gospel. The clergy and members of St Mark's Anglican Church Enugwu-Agidi earlier staged a street walk as a way of creating awareness on the celebration and reminding people of the positive contributions of Christianity in the development of the society.  Speaking shortly after the road walk, the Parish Vicar, St Mark's Anglican Church Enugwu-Agidi, Venerable Professor Anayo Kamnebe pointed out that it was through the advent of Christianity that the killing of twins in Igbo land and other obnoxious practices were abolished. Venerable Professor Kamnebe used the opportunity to call on Christians to always lead lives of love, peace and unity, as according to him, they are the surest ways to win souls into the kingdom of God. In a sermon, the Parish Priest of St Andrews Anglican Church Nawgu, Venerable Geoffrey Nkanyimma pointed out that the propagation of the gospel of Jesus Christ is the primary responsibility of every Christian, asking Christians to wake up to their duty of soul winning.  The event also featured series of performances by members of St Mark's Anglican Church and its offspring churches, the Church of Ascension and Church of Transfiguration Enugwu-Agidi, after which prizes were presented to them. 
Anambra State Govt Flags Off Enforcement Of ATMC Code Number
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-29 06:43:57CategoriesState Anambra State Government has flagged off the enforcement of the state’s Traffic Management Code, ATMC number. The exercise was performed by the state Commissioner for Transport, Mr. Afam Mbanefo. The flag off, which took place at the Jerome Udorji State Secretariat Awka, was attended by Vehicle Inspection Officers, representatives of Anambra State Tippers Association, Urban Drivers Welfare Association Anambra State, Keke riders, among others. Performing the exercise, Commissioner Mbanefo explained that the ATMC number is designed to assist commuters, security personnel and taskforce members in proper identification and management of commercial drivers and their activities on the road, noting that much time and publicity had been given for the concerned drivers to register and obtain the ATMC number.  Mr. Mbanefo, who explained that designated areas have been mapped out for registration, urged the taskforce members to be civil in operations, adding that the state government is only interested in improving security and not making money through the exercise. The head of Special Duties, Ministry of Transport, Honourable Sunday Okafor, who explained that the taskforce is ready to commence the enforcement exercise to assist the government achieve set objectives in the transport sector, urged commercial drivers to see the benefits of the exercise. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the Public Relations Officer of Anambra State Tippers Association, Elder Ozoemena Okoye, who spoke on behalf of others, acknowledged that much time and publicity had been given for concerned drivers to register and obtain the ATMC number and called for the full enforcement owing to inherent benefits. 
Soludo Represents Igbo Spirit - Obiano
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-07-29 06:41:03CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano says the former Central Bank Governor, Professor Chukwuma  Soludo, represents the Igbo Spirit because of his determination to succeed, despite all odds.   In a message to mark Prof Soludo's sixty-first birthday, Governor Willie Obiano said that Soludo has achieved so much despite all odds.   A release signed by the Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, C. Don Adinuba stated that governor Obiano noted  that on account of sheer brilliance, hard work and God's grace, Professor Soludo became Nigeria's most successful and revolutionary CBN governor, a full Economics Professor at thirty-eight and author of several books, articles and conference papers across the globe.   According to the release, Chief Obiano was speaking at a key but impressive birthday ceremony for the former CBN governor at his Aguleri residence which had in attendance the Speaker of the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honorable Uche Okafor; Professor Soludo's running mate on the APGA platform in the November 6 gubernatorial election in the state, Dr. Onyeka Ibezim; the chairman of the House of Assembly Committee on Budget, Honorable Obinna Emenaka, among others.   Governor Obiano said that it is an achievement of great proportions that Professor Soludo became the only African thinker and scholar chosen as a member of the United Nations Panel of Experts to Review the Global Financial System in the wake of the 2008 global recession.   Chief Obiano remarked that Professor Sokudo remains very humble in spite of his international achievements, recalling how he served as the Returning Officer at his village development union election after being the CBN governor.   He praised Professor Soludo for  being home conscious and brought a CBN branch to Awka, and as a result not only helped to develop the state capital but also saved people the time resources and risks of going to places like Benin and Enugu to bring cash to banks in the state.   Responding, Prof Soludo thanked Chief Obiano for making Anambra the best state in the country, considering the figures published by the National Bureau of Statistics, noting that Anambra has the lowest poverty index and the lowest unemployment rate in the country.   He said that Anambra state has no serious rival in education, rate of rice development, immunization, security, the fight against COVID-19 and other areas.   Professor Soludo, who is the chairman of the Anambra State 2070 Committee developing a strategic plan to make the state a fully developed economy by 2070, pledged to consolidate on the achievements of Governor Obiano. 
Ibezim Felicitates With Soludo @ 61
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-29 06:37:34CategoriesState The running mate to Prof Chukwuma Soludo for the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim has described his Principal as a seasoned technocrat and administrator.   Felicitating with Professor Soludo on his sixty first birthday, Dr. Ibezim described him as a special gift to Ndi Anambra, stating that his performance as a onetime  Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria has continued to speak volume of his accomplishments as a seasoned economist.   Dr. Ibezim who currently is the Special Adviser to Governor 'Willie Obiano on Indigenous Medicine and Herbal practice as well as the managing Director of Anambra State Oxygen Production plant, called on APGA faithful to close ranks to ensure that the  party wins the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra State.   He used the opportunity to advise Ndi Anambra to participate in the ongoing Voter registration exercise to enable them vote during elections.   Dr. Ibezim while wishing professor Soludo more fruitful years ahead, urged political gladiators to jettison those things that will over heat the polity.   He commended Governor Willie Obiano for all his legacy projects in Anambra State assuring that professor Chukwuma Soludo will consolidate the achievements if giving the opportunity by Anambra electorate. 
Anambra Assembly Speaker Tasks LG TC Chairmen On Good Governance
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-29 06:36:11CategoriesState The Speaker, Anambra State House of Assembly, Right Honourable Uche Okafor has charged Transition Committee Chairmen of the twenty one Local government areas in the state to discharge their duties with renewed vigor.   The Speaker made the call during plenary after the House extended the tenure of the Local government Chairmen to another three months.   House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim was there and  reports that  Right Honourable Okafor charged them to work in synergy with the House and the Executive Arm of government to entrench good governance in their various Local governments, stating that wellbeing of the people remains the utmost priority of the House.   In his remarks, the Transition Committee Chairman of Orumba South Council Area, Chief Cyprian Okereke while thanking the House and Governor Willie Obiano for given him another opportunity to pilot the affairs of his Local government assured that he would execute more lofty projects that would make impact on the lives of his people.   He revealed that his Local government Council has commenced sensitization of his people who turned eighteen years of age to participate in the ongoing INEC voter registration exercise to enable them exercise their franchise in the coming Anambra governorship election.   On his part, the Transition Committee Chairman, Njikoka Local Government Area, Chief George Ozo also expressed appreciation to the House and Governor Obiano for having absolute confidence in his capacity to run the affairs of his Local government, adding that he will continue to work hard to deliver the dividends of democracy to his people. 
World Hepatitis Day: Rotary, Rotaract Hold Awareness Walk, Free Tests In Awka
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-29 06:34:43CategoriesState Rotary and Rotaract clubs in Awka and surrounding towns have organized a three kilometer awareness walk and free tests to celebrate World Hepatitis Day.   The clubs comprised of members from Rotary Club of Awka, Awka Central, and students from Rotaract Club of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, School of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Agulu, Club of Awka GRA and Amawbia.   Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe  reports that according to World Health Organization, WHO, one person dies every thirty seconds from a hepatitis related illness, with hepatitis B and C, the most common which resulting in one-point-one million deaths and three million new infections per year.   It is in view of these scary figures that Rotary Clubs in Awka and their subordinate body, Rotaract, took to the streets in Awka in commemoration of this year's occasion to speak to people on the dangers of the disease and how they can avoid it through early and regular checkups and treatments.   The three kilometer awareness walk which resumed from Arroma Junction ended at UNIZIK Junction where people were given free hepatitis test and results on the spot.   Lending her voice to the occasion, the President of Rotary Club of Awka, Rotarian Evelyn Nworjieke, said that considering the ravages of hepatitis as one of the commonest killer ailments in modern society, the clubs thought is necessary to take WHO's message about the collective eradication of the disease to the people.   On their parts, the President of Rotary Club of Awka Central, Rotarian Onyekachi Iruka and his Nnamdi Azikiwe University counterpart, Rotaractor Glenn Onwudiwe, said that Rotary Club International being a service organization that is concerned about disease prevention across the world is interested in strong awareness creation on the ravages of hepatitis in all corners of the state.   The members of the club had earlier visited the office of the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah to brief him on their activities for the day. 
Commentary: Inauguration Of Anambra State Council TUC Women Commission
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-28 06:54:52CategoriesColumnist Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC), Women Commission, is the women wing of the congress. The commission, which is currently headed, at the National level, by the Chairperson, Comrade Shaibu Afusatu, consists of women from the unions affiliated to the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC). Its role is to coordinate and encourage women participation in the activities of the Congress in particular and trade unionism in general.
Historically, the Trade Union Congress of Nigeria was registered as a labour center on August 8, 2005, having gone into various transformations since 1980. Ever Since then, the union has, through its various chapters all over the country, organized and united all senior Staff Associations in Nigeria. Its aims are: promoting and safeguarding the economic and social welfare of members and preserving and extending their rights within a just and democratic society.
The activities of the commission have been a mirage in the state until the recent election, organized by the Comrade Ifeanyi Okechukwu-led administration and won by Comrade Nneka Nwankwo and her executive members. She has, against all odds, pulled together all working women from grade level 07, drawn from about 35 affiliate associations.
TUC, Anambra State Women Commission, has assumed the responsibility of defending and promoting the interests of women workers, while also monitoring their progress in establishing gender equality within the TUC administration in order to improve their welfare.  The commission realizes the potentials of women as persons imbued with great wisdom and talents, dogged fighters, family molders, opinion shapers, strategic thinkers and innovators.
Therefore, on assumption of office, the new executive discovered that women make up 40% of the labour force and are naturally empowered with leadership ability as well as in helping to fight for the better welfare of workers, the society and the future of our children at large. They have also strived to solicit the support of the male folk, especially husbands and other family members, towards allowing women participate fully in Trade Union activities like their counterparts in advanced countries.
Significantly, in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, which aggravated the incidents of rape in the state, the commission organized rallies and media sensitizations on violence against women.
To mark the formal inauguration of this important arm of the Trade Union Congress, the public is invited to the event, taking place at Hilton Leisure Resort and Hotels, Awka on Thursday, July 29, 2021, by 10am. The occasion, whose theme is: Celebrating Our Great Women, shall witness Awards of Excellence to men and women who have contributed immensely to the upliftment of the female gender.
The event, which will be hosted by the State Chairman of TUC, Comrade Ifeanyi Okechukwu, will have as Special Guest of Honour, Governor Willie Obiano, due to his commitment to the welfare of the state workforce, while his Wife, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano, will be the Mother of the Day for ensuring that the voice of the women is heard in the state.
The event will be chaired by the Commissioner for Women and Children Affairs, Lady Ndidi Mezue. Guests of Honour include, the Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu, the Head of Service, Barrister Harry Udu and the National Chairperson of TUC Nigeria, Women Commission, Comrade Shaibu Afusatu.
The event is a clarion call towards empowering women to be part of national development for the sake of our children and humanity. So, the public is invited to be a part of epoch making event.
Great TUC Women Commission - Our gender, our strength!
WRITTEN BY NNEKA NWANKWO
Commentary: Achievements Of Dr. Josephat Akabuike Within His 100 Days In COOUTH Amaku Awka
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-28 06:46:48CategoriesColumnist Awka community established a hospital in 1956 and named it Amaku Cottage Hospital after her illustrious son, Dr Amaku. In 1980, the hospital was handed over to the Government and the name was changed to Amaku General Hospital, Awka. The hospital was upgraded to a specialist hospital in 1991.
With the establishment of a Medical School in the then Anambra state University (ANSU), the hospital was chosen to function as the Teaching Hospital to the University. On May 1, 2012, the State University was renamed Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital (COOUTH), Amaku.
Having secured a Teaching hospital, the next hurdle was getting the clinical school accredited by the Nigerian Medical and Dental Council. This challenge was taken head-on under the able leadership of the Provost, Prof. F.C. Akpuaka and the then Chief Medical Director, Dr L.C. Ikeako.
 
The administration of Chief Willie Obiano with his then health commissioner, Dr Joe Akabuike, achieved, within a very short time, the accreditation of 5th MBBS and the graduation of the 1st set of medical students in 2015. Till date, the institution has turned out five sets of medical doctors.
The following Chief Medical Directors have served the teaching hospital. They are:  Prof, L.C. Ikeako; Dr Ifeanyi Ezeobi (on acting capacity); Dr Basil Nwankwo (of the blessed memory) and Dr Joe Akabuike, the current one.
Dr Joe is a seasoned administrator, which started in 1989 during his school days as the Director of Socials, Medical Students Union Transition Council, University of Nigeria, Enugu campus. He was also the chairman of Imoke Hall of UNEC (class of 1990). Dr Joe was appointed by Governor Willie Obiano as Commissioner for Health in April, 2014.
Dr Joe’s efforts gave birth to the establishment of Cynvic Medical Consultants Ltd. He was Chairman of the Governing Council, College of Technology, Obosi and currently, the Chief Medical Director of Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku-Awka.
He has, in less than one hundred days in office, ensured the procurement of power generating set, solely for the private ward; building and equipping of a dialysis unit and training of Renal Nurses on the use of dialysis machine to fill the long gap of giving adequate attention to kidney patients. He saw to the construction and equipping of Consultants Lounge, the first of its kind in Eastern region of Nigeria.
Others are provision of street lights within the cranny of the hospital; successful accreditation in Pediatrics; renovation of the Children Emergency and pediatrics’ ward; reroofing of the Laboratory complex porch and the side Lab; prompt payment of staff salary; provision of poles for hanging of mosquito nets in medical and surgical wards.
Other achievements include tour to top ranking institution within and outside the state for standardization of epidemic Medical Practices; reticulation of water and additional water tank; inauguration of SERVICOM services; procurement of ultra sound machine; repair of collapsing ceilings at the radiology building; commencement of minimal Laparoscope and repair of damaged furniture.
Because of his steadfastness and professionalism, Dr Joe has received over 10 special awards in different medical categories. He is a socialist and at such, he belongs to some professional bodies such as Knight of Saint Mulumba; Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Society of Gynecologists and Obstetricians of Nigeria (SOGON), West African College of Surgeons (WACS) Institute of Corporate Administration of Nigeria. He embraces good things and shuns evil. He is happily married to Dr. Nkiru Akabuike and the marriage is blessed with vibrant and promising children.
WRITTEN BY HENRIETTA AGBAI 
Jonas Jerry Osegbo Bows Out Of Service With Church Thanksgiving Service In Awka
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-28 06:41:05CategoriesState After serving the state and general public as a civil servant, there might not be a better way to end the long journey than leading family, friends and well-wishers in thanksgiving to God for his faithfulness all through the years. This was the case with Sir Jonas-Jerry Osegbo, a former staff of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS and the state Ministry of Information when he thanked God for his love, mercy and guidance upon him during his years of service after attaining the retirement age of sixty. Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor-Okoye reports that in homily during a Holy Mass, the priest in charge, Reverend Father Francis Oranye said it is important to acknowledge whatever God has done in someone's life with thanksgiving for Him to further bless them beyond measures. Reverend Father Oranye maintained that Sir Jonas-Jerry has continued to live an exemplary life as a Christian by giving succor to those around him and encouraged him to continue for more of God’s blessings.  The thanksgiving Holy Mass, which also commemorated his sixtieth birthday anniversary, was held at the Christ the King out station of Saint Thomas Aquinas Catholic Church, Awka. Speaking to newsmen shortly after the Holy Mass, the celebrant, Sir Jonas-Jerry appreciated God for his life despite all situations and experiences during his journey as a civil servant. He extolled the state government for workers welfare and other incentives, which other states are not enjoying and encouraged his colleagues, especially those in the media to be honest in the discharge of their duties. The wife of the celebrant, Mrs. Eunice Osegbo expressed gratitude to God for seeing her husband through his service years and attaining the age of sixty praying for God’s guidance, protection and blessings as he begins his retirement life. For one of his colleagues Mr. Ikemefuna Asika noted that the celebrant is a socialite, humble and honest praying God to bless him the more. Also speaking, the first daughter of the celebrant, Barrister Chioma Udeozor, said they know their father as a peaceful and understanding man, who strived to give them all they needed to become fruitful in life. Special thanksgiving, cutting of birthday cake and other side attractions added glamour to the Holy Mass. 
NAU Mass Communication Students  Tour ABS Facilities During Excursion Visit
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-07-28 06:37:47CategoriesState The students of Mass Communication Department, Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka were on an excursion visit to the corporate headquarters of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS Awka, to widen their knowledge on practical aspects of their studies. The first year students, who expressed their excitement over the tour, said they embarked on the visit to learn practical aspect of television production to better illustrate the theoretical part.  Led by their lecturers, Dr. Emeka Odogwu and Dr. Gloria Chukwuemeka, the excursion was expected to expose them to the overview of their course of study and enhance their learning and understanding abilities. At the various sections of the station, including the master control rooms of radio and television studios, editing and transmission rooms, the students were received by staff on duty and also taught the dynamics of equipment handling, operations and design.  Addressing the students after their tour, the Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Governor Willie Obiano, Mr. Emeka Ozumba, reminded them of the need to understand their audience, arm themselves with topical issues in the society and on the social media instead of wasting their time on unimportant things. The highpoint of the visit was an interactive section with the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the station, Dr. Uche Nworah, who inspired them to avail themselves of the numerous opportunities on the social media by practicing their talents in the cause of studies with their mobile phones.  Dr. Nworah used the occasion to appreciate excellence by rewarding some students for their boldness in answering questions from their tour of the station as well as the donation of some books to the department of the institution to promote the learning  among students.  Responding, including some of the students, Jowel Ndukwe, Precious Obi and Chisom Chikwele, commended both the department and the station for the opportunity given to them to  explore the various opportunities in the profession.  
ASATU  Dismisses  Online Publication On Adoption Of Umeoji As Governorship Candidate
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-28 06:33:14CategoriesState Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU) has debunked   an online publication by a group purportedly led by one Chief Olisa Ezeadi which calls itself “Coalition of Town Unions Leaders (COTUL)" and reportedly comprises one hundred and eighty-one town unions  said to have” adopted  a particular candidate Hon. Chukwuma Umeoji as  a sole  candidate for the November 6, 2021 governorship poll in Anambra State.   A statement jointly signed by the National President Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU), Chief Titus Akpudo and Dr. Dozie Felix Nwosu, National Secretary, ASATU, stated that the leadership of ASATU would not have bothered to join issues with the group but for the misleading fallacies and lies contained therein which alluded that the said group consists of Presidents General of town unions in the State among others.   The statement said that Anambra State Association of Town Unions (ASATU) is the only officially CAC registered and government recognized umbrella body of all the one hundred and seventy-nine Town Unions in Anambra State as the twenty-five year old body provides a veritable platform for the elected President General of each of the 179 communities in Anambra State to sit and represent the interest of their communities.   It explained that  the only known representative of the town union in each of the communities in Anambra State is the President General of the town who shall be a member of ASATU led by the National President of the association.   According to the statement,the records of ASATU show that Chief Olisa Ezeadi is not a President General of any community and therefore has no locus in any form to speak for any community, town Unions or ASATU in the State, therefore, the purported statement by Chief Olisa Ezeadi did not emanate from the leadership of ASATU.   The statement said made it   categorically clear to the general public that ASATU under the leadership of the National President, Chief Titus Akpudo, did not hold any summit over the weekend with the intention of adopting or endorsing any candidate or for any other purpose and  has not in any way adopted any political party, candidate or the said candidate mentioned therein as its official candidate for the governorship election in the state.   It urged the general public to disregard the said online publication as it is merely a product of faceless popularity seekers assuring that ASATU shall continue to play responsible roles towards the enthronement of true democracy in Anambra State. 
Awka Anglican Diocese Holds Church Service To Mark 164 Years Of Coming Of Christianity To Igboland
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-07-28 06:31:59CategoriesState The Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim has charged Christians not to see the celebration of CMS Anniversary as a mere formality.   Archbishop Ibezim gave the charge in a sermon at the Cathedral Church of Saint Faith Awka, during a service to mark the One hundred and Sixty-four years of the coming of Christianity to Igboland.  Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigbata covered the service and reports that  Most Reverend Ibezim who was represented by the emeritus Bishop of Isukwuator Umunnochi Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Chukuka, charged Christians not to allow the efforts of the early Missionaries to be in vain.   Archbishop Ibezim who traced the history of Church Missionary Society to a city of clapper, where affluent Individuals converged and set up the CMS through adequate funding with a view to saving the lost souls, said that the advent of Christianity has brought light to the society and cautioned Ministers of God to desist from preaching the gospel of prosperity.  Most Reverend Ibezim regretted that   Idolatry and other harmful practices that were abolished by the early missionaries are gradually coming back.   The Archbishop who spoke on “The great Commission,” charged Christians to use the period of the CMS anniversary to re-examine their lives in addition to building bridges of love and true reconciliation.   In a remark the Archdeacon in the Cathedral Church of Saint Faith Awka, Venerable Samuel Okonkwo, who paid tribute to the early Missionaries, charged Christians to be wary of false prophets.  Some faithful who took part in the service including, Chief Harrison Onyemaechi, Mr. Eric Modekwe and Lady Justina Oguguo, blamed the problem of the society on selfishness.   The CMS Anniversary service featured anthem by the choir and concert depicting the efforts of the early Missionaries in bringing Christianity to Igbo Land.  
The Book 'A True Barracks Boy' Unveiled In Onitsha
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-07-28 06:27:34CategoriesState The Chief of Army Staff, LT. Gen . Faruk Yahaya has endorsed the book "A True Barracks Boy" written by Mr. Patrick Akobo. In a brief address during the official launch of the forty two paged  book at the Conference Hall, Army Barracks, Onitsha, the Commander, Three Hundred and Two Artillery Regiment, Onitsha Col. Abdulkalin Usman who represented the Army Chief, described the book as  a welcome development and commended  the efforts of the author in presenting the Army in good light. Light General Yahaya said his   endorsement of the book is a form of encouragement to the army community to be more committed to their duty and motivation to the youths.  In an address, the author, Mr. Patrick Akobo said his decision to write the book was informed by his background as a Barracks Boy who saw his father discharged his Army work diligently. Mr Akobo said he was also opportuned to work as a media coordinator to many serving and retired Army Officers which made him to see how well  structured and organized the Army is, but noted that his interaction with the society showed how ignorant people are about the true situation in the Barracks, which the book sought to correct and thanked the Chief Of Army Staff for the huge donation and others for their support. Top military officers and Committee on the book launch were present during the cash presentation. Meanwhile, the book " A true Barracks Boy " was previously launched at the Officer's Mess where Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano represented by the Chairman Conflict Resolution, Air Vice Marshal Ben Chiobi stressed that security model in Anambra state was as a result of the pro-activeness of security agencies in the state.  Gov. Obiano while commending the efforts of the author expressed hope to see more children from the Barracks excel in global competition urging youths to always think on how to make a difference in their generation. Col. Paul Adeke in charge of Fourteen Field Engineering, who stood in for the book reviewer, Maj. Gen. Emmanuel Odeh, retired, said the writer has given the Barracks people, both military and civilian, a much needed laundry from the wrong perception held by some that nothing good can come out of the Barracks. 
Anambra Assembly Passes Bill For Establishment Of Anambra House Of Assembly Service Commission
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-28 06:23:58CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has passed a bill for a law to provide for the establishment of the Anambra State House of Assembly Service Commission, functions of the commission 2021.   The bill which was passed during yesterday's plenary was presented to the House for consideration and passage by the Majority Leader, Dr. Nnamdi Okafor.   House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim was there and  reports that the bill saddled the Anambra State House of Assembly Service Commission with the major responsibility of ensuring the administrative and financial autonomy of the Anambra State House of Assembly.   It stipulates that the commission shall formulate, implement guidelines for its functions, appoint all officers in the service of House, make appointments and also confer such appointments.   It also empowered the commission to exercise disciplinary control over persons holding or acting in such offices or dismiss such persons in line with the Public Service Rule among others.   After clause by clause consideration of the bill at committee of the whole, Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor read out the bill for passage, while the legislators supported it through a voice vote.   In his remarks, the member representing Anambra West Constituency, Honourable Patrick Udeoba noted that the bill will enable the House to discharge its duties creditably.   Also at plenary, the House extended the tenure of the Transition Committee Chairmen of the twenty one local government areas in the state for another three months, in line with section 208 of the local government law.   In a vote of thanks, the Transition Committee Chairman, Idemmili North Local Government Area, Mr. Raphael Nnabuife who spoke unbehalf of others, commended the House for extending their tenure as well as Governor Willie Obiano for having confidence in them to steer their various local governments on the path of progress. 
Today Is World Hepatitis Day
AuthorQUEEN ANIGBOGUDate2021-07-28 06:21:15CategoriesHealth World Hepatitis Day is a day of bringing the world together to raise awareness on the global burden of viral hepatitis and to influence real change.   Hepatitis is an inflammation of the liver with different types which include hepatitis A,B,C,D, and E.   Speaking on the day, a health care provider, Mr. Chibundo Anigbogu, described hepatitis as deadlier than HIV disease.   He said it can be contacted by ingesting contaminated foods, sexual contacts, body fluids like blood and saliva.   Mr. Anigbogu noted that effective disposal of human waste and regular medical checkup through laboratory tests are of immense importance in the control of hepatitis.   For Mrs. Beatrice Okeke,a nurse at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital, Nnewi, hepatitis is better avoided than allowed as according to her when one gets infected with the disease there is no treatment that can completely remove the virus from the body of the victim.   She mentioned the symptoms to include body weakness, nausea, headache, severe loss of apetite, weight loss, muscle pains among others.   Queen Anigbogu reports that the theme of this year's World Hepatitis Day is, "Hepatitis Can't Wait". 
Commentary: 164 Years Of The Coming Of Christianity To Igboland
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-27 07:01:06CategoriesColumnist One of the greatest events in history is the coming of Christianity to Igbo land on July 27, 1857, that is one hundred and sixty-four years ago. It emanated from the general European invasion of the West African territories. In the early 15th century, Christian priests travelled with traders to extend the message of the gospel to Africa. As the saying goes, the Bible followed trade.
Expeditors from Britain trooped to Africa to trace the source and end of the River Niger, as well as to explore trading possibilities in the interior of the continent. In 1841, the British government commissioned three ships, namely the Albert, Wilberforce and Sudan, to explore and chart Rivers Niger and Benue with the CMS actively concerned.
Two men from Sierra Leone accompanied them. They were: Reverend J. Schon, a linguist and Samuel Ajayi Crowther, a Catechist and an ex-slave boy of Yoruba parentage. The CMS had established a firm root in Freetown, where the first Missionaries were sent out by the society in 1804.
Unfortunately, the first expedition of august 1841, in which the group entered the River Niger, was a woeful failure as within few weeks, malaria killed fifty-four out of one hundred and sixty-two white men. Samuel Ajayi Crowther led a team of Native Missionaries into the Niger Valley.
Again, in 1857, Reverend Ajayi Crowther and J.C Taylor, along with a number of catechists, joined Macgregor Laird for an expedition, sponsored by the British government. Reverend Crowther had a definite commission from the CMS to establish the Niger Mission. It was at the Christ Church ground in Onitsha that the Niger Mission began in 1857, as African initiative.
However, after negotiations with the Onitsha reigning monarch, Akazua, the British established trading posts in the town and the mission station started. The Onitsha king allocated land for the headquarters of the Mission station. The responsibility of establishing the first Mission in Igboland fell on Reverend Taylor, an ex-Igbo slave and a convert from Sierra Leone. Reverend Taylor was able to build schools, preached the gospel, taught and visited people, as well as healed the natives. On June 29, 1864, Crowther was consecrated Bishop in Canterbury to expand the Mission in Nigeria, confirm and ordain the people.
Today, after one hundred and sixty-four years of Christianity, one can beat his chest and say that the visit of the missionaries was worthwhile. The twenty-seven years of Bishop Crowther’s episcopate witnessed rapid expansion in the work of the Niger Mission.
With his convincing gospel messages, the murder of twins, burial of slaves alive with their dead masters, sacrificing of maidens in Onitsha to appease the river goddess and many other superstitions in Igboland were stopped. Besides, many Niger Missions were established, including schools and seminaries and the training of priests all over Igboland.
To commemorate this, Christian faithful, across the Anglican Church in the South East have mapped out series of activities to mark the one hundred and sixty-fourth year of the coming of Christianity to Igboland, popularly known as the CMS Anniversary. It will, among other things, feature Road Shows and Match Pasts by various church organizations, including members of the Men’s Fellowship, Mothers’ Union, Girls and Women’s Guild, Girls and Boys Brigade, among others.
The event will also feature concerts. All these ceremonies are being heralded by a special anniversary church service in various churches.
Today, Nigerian leaders, either in public life or in politics, education, the church, commerce and industry, owe their education, in whole or in part, to the handwork of the missionaries. What Ajayi Crowther started one hundred and sixty-four years ago, gave birth to the church and for its sustenance, Christians should strive to revive the spirit of this great African Missionary.
So, as we observe the one hundred and sixty-fourth years of the coming of Christianity to Igboland today, Christians should use the opportunity to pray for a hitch-free gubernatorial election in Anambra, come November 6, 2021. Happy CMS Anniversary!
WRITTEN BY SAMUEL OKONKWO
COVID -19: Ghana Reduces Funerals To Two Hours, Only Family Members
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-27 06:54:50CategoriesNigeria The President Ghana, Nana Akufo-Addo has decreed that funerals will last not more than two hours and attendance will be restricted to family members only. President Akufo-Addo also stated that all funerals and weddings shall be held in open spaces. He expressed concern that the country was approaching the third COVID wave having recorded over one hundred thousand coronavirus infections. President Akufo-Addo said the government would establish a vaccine institute to spearhead the manufacturing of vaccines locally. Ghanaians have elaborate and expensive funerals that involve days, weeks or even months of mourning while wearing of masks has been made mandatory in events and while outside on public spaces. 
WTO Works Towards Facilitating Trade, Investments In Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-27 06:52:32CategoriesBusiness The Director-General, World Trade Organization, WTO, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala has said that the global trade agency was working to facilitate trade and investments in Nigeria. Dr. Okonjo-Iweala explained that the WTO under her leadership was involved in the actualization of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement to enable Nigeria to benefit more economically. This, she said, would generate more industries, manufacturing, and also increase trade between Nigeria and other countries. Okonjo-Iweala spoke from Geneva at the 2021 National Diaspora Day webinar with the theme, ‘Diaspora Integration for National Peace and Development’, moderated by the Chairman, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, in Abuja on Sunday. The former World Bank Managing Director pointed out that the WTO was also focused on facilitating production of vaccines in Africa. According her, the WTO is working with the International Trade Centre to assist small and medium scale businesses to upgrade their products to meet international standards for export. 
Court Adjourns Nnamdi Kanu’s Trial To October 21
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-27 06:50:24CategoriesNigeria Trial of the leader of the indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, at a Federal High Court in Abuja, has been adjourned to the twenty first of October, twenty-twenty one. The trial had resumed without his presence in the court today.   When the matter was called up around eleven thirty am,  lead   Prosecution counsel , Mr. M. B. Abubakar, informed the court that the case is for hearing although the defendant had not been produced by the Department of State Service (DSS), holding him in custody, owing to logistics problem.   In his submission, Kanu's lawyer, Mr. Ifeanyi Ejiofor, reminded the court of an application he filed earlier seeking the transfer of Kanu from DSS custody to a Correctional Center.   In her ruling, the trial judge held that Kanu's trial cannot proceed in his absence having been arrested and brought into the country, insisting that Kanu must be physically present to witness his trial.   Speaking with journalists later, a former Governor of Anambra State Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, asked journalists to use their platforms to ensure that justice is seen to be done.   According to him, Nigeria is on trial and the press should lead in the defence of the country.   Also speaking, Ohaneze lawyer, Chief Godwin Uwazuruike, who led a team of Igbo lawyers, "otu okaiwu in Abuja" said the judiciary in Nigeria is on trial and how they handle the case will determine to a large extent how they are viewed by the world.   He maintained that what they want is justice and not technicality as played out in the court yesterday.   In his reaction, Kanu’s lawyer,  Ifeanyi Ejiofor revealed that they had asked  the court to  investigate the invasion of Kanu's country home in  Umuahia since two years ago so he could come and face his trial but  regretted  that so far nothing has  happened until his abduction and torture last month. 
Pathfinders Model School Amawbia, Awka South Council Area Holds 2021  Graduation Ceremony
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-07-27 06:48:47CategoriesState Path Finder’s Model School, Amawbia, Awka South Council Area has held its 2021 graduation exercise.   Path Finders Model School, has over the years played crucial role in advancing the academic dreams of pupils and has helped them to achieve their potential.   In a remark, the chairman on the occasion, Chief Godwin Okafor, represented by the Admin Manager, Mr Samuel Iheoha, noted that the school has uplifted the standard of education through  academic excellence, observing that quality education remains the foundation of success.  Chief Okafor also applauded the educational breakthroughs of the state over the past seven years.   In her welcome address, one of the graduating pupils, Miss Michelle Anushiem, noted that her school which she said  stands first among others in all areas of learning and runs an all-inclusive education policy promised to be good ambassador of the school.   Speaking to the ABS, the school Proprietress, Dr. Ngozi Ndum and the patron of the school Pastor Donatus Ndum noted that the school has built capacities through provision of enabling environment for effective teaching and learning.  In a remark, the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah represented by the Manager of News, Mr Abuchi Nwozor, noted that ABS is always committed to promoting school programs through its channels and commended the school management for seeing that the school is growing.   Some parents of the graduating pupils, including Barrister Maritus Anushiem, Mr Emenike Ajulufo and Mrs. Eucharia Ogbannu, described their experience with the school as great and delightful as the school has impacted positively on their children.  Some of the graduating pupils, Master Chiemelie Ndum and Success Nebeolisa, expressed gratitude to God for successful completion of their primary education and promised not to let the school and their parents down.   The ceremony featured various presentation by the pupils, cutting of cake, presentation of certificate and appreciation of teachers. 
Obiano Inaugurates Restructured Special Enforcement Team To Promote Road Safety
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-07-27 06:43:26CategoriesState Anambra State government has inaugurated a restructured Special Enforcement Team under the Ministry of Transport aimed at ensuring safety, sanity and security on the state's roads.   The inauguration ceremony performed by the state Governor Chief Willie Obiano was held at Onitsha North Council Area Secretariat GRA Onitsha.   The Governor represented by the State Commissioner for Transport, Mr Afam Mbanefo on arrival, inspected the guard of honour mounted on his honour by the Special Enforcement Team.   Addressing the team, Governor Obiano reminded them that Anambra state is the light of the nation urging them to restore the ethics of driving on roads by controlling   traffick  to appreciable level while commending the team for their readiness to discharge their duty.   In his speech the Area Commander Onitsha Area Command ASP John Obuagbaka urged the team to work in accordance with the law saying that he will not tolerate illegality and assured them of the cooperation of the Nigerian police.   The Commander Special Enforcement Team and the Senior Special Assistant to the governor on Security, Mr. Chiejina Obieze and the Deputy Commander Mr. Alex Osaka challenged the team to work according to the code of conduct of the team and ethics of their job to achieve the desired goal of establishing the team.   Staff Reporter Emengini Osadebe who covered the event reports that others who spoke at the event include the Permanent Secretary Ministry of Transport Mr. Emma Udeakpe, Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Youth Mobilization, Mr. Eloka Egbunike among others. 
Commentary: Appreciating Governor Obiano`s Workers-friendly Disposition
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-26 07:45:07CategoriesColumnist No doubt, challenges are what make life interesting but overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. Time was in Anambra state when pensioners and workers were owed up to one year salary and pension arrears; when workers were on strike for over nine months and public schools were under lock and key. Today, all those are history, courtesy of the wonder working governor, Chief Willie Obiano.
Mother Theresa once said that ‘not all of us can do great things, but we can do small things with great love’. According to Gordon Hinckley, the happiest people are those who lose themselves in the service of others. Sir Willie is a governor who is ever desirous to make workers and other Ndi Anambra happy; hence, he renders selfless services. Akpokuedike speaks for those who cannot speak for themselves. Thus, no worker in Anambra would ever want to go back to Egypt.
Workers, globally, are the engine room of every society. They constitute about seven per cent of the population of every country, state or local government. This infinitesimal percentage, however, does not, in any way, dwarf their influential capabilities towards policy formulation, economic growth and national development.
The multiple award-winning worker-friendly governor, soon after his inauguration, keyed into this concept by recognizing the imperative of a motivated workforce. Obiano changed the paradigm from Dead Woods to living workforce. His aphorism as an Omambala man is Ana alu olu, ana alu mmadu. He proved this by increasing workers’ salaries by fifteen percent in 2015. Subsequently, he increased workers’ salaries severally.
In addition, his administration formulated a policy of ensuring that before every month end, workers and pensioners smile to the banks to receive their salaries. This feat has made workers nickname him an “alert governor”. By so doing, the reputation and integrity of Anambra workers has improved. They no longer owe here and there. They can plan well ahead now. Their steady salaries can serve as collateral in any financial institution, giving them leeway to borrow for meaningful self-development.
Also, for seven years now, workers and pensioners in the state are given a bag of Anambra rice every December. No other state government has achieved this feat. In Anambra, promotion is no longer a privilege but an entitlement.
Notably, the Obiano administration is the first ever in the state to procure mass transit buses to convey workers and other low income earners to and from major towns in the three senatorial districts of the state.
It is against this backdrop that the state chapters of the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, Trade Union Congress, TUC and other labour leaders, conferred the honour of the "Most Workers Friendly Governor in Nigeria" on Akpokuedike. The Presidency and the House of Representatives honoured Governor Obiano as the foremost champion of workers’ welfare in Nigeria.
Sometime ago, the governor approved to schedule the Anambra Broadcasting Service and the Anambra Newspapers and Printing Corporation Staff into the Pension Scheme as well as to liquidate their arrears of gratuities and pensions owed to their retired staff. He equally approved the staff promotion of over twelve years of the workers in ABS.
The irony of this rare show of commitment of the governor to the workers in the state is that some states still owe their workers some months of arrears of salaries. While some state governments are involved in one faceoff or the other with the labour unions in their states, the labour unions in Anambra State maintain a high level of cordiality with the Obiano administration.  The administration has indeed extended its hands of fellowship to workers in the state. With a good successor, the future of Anambra workers would have been secured and Anambra would continue to shine as the light of the nation. All that is required now is for workers to reciprocate the gesture by striving to sustain the tempo. Workers, we never know the worth of water till the well is dry, but never! Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you. A dream does not become reality through magic; it takes determination and sincerity.
WRITTEN BY COMR. GODWIN IBEKWE
NDLEA Arrests  NURTW chairman, 3 others In Ondo For Illicit Drug Trafficking
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-26 07:42:01CategoriesNigeria Chairman of the National Union of Road Transport Workers, NURTW, in Ijero local government area of Ekiti state, Babatunde Babade, aged forty five, has been arrested alongside two others; Ilesanmi Shola, thirty five and Babajide Johnson, forty five, by the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency,  NDLEA, for illicit drug trafficking.
A statement signed by the Director Media and Advocacy NDLEA Headquarters Abuja, Femi Babafemi, said the transport union leader was caught with fifty two point five kilograms of skunk in Akure, the Ondo state capital following intelligence report that he was conveying bags of the banned drug in his blue Mazda car with from Akure to Ekiti state.
The statement noted that Babade, in his statement, after his arrest, admitted he owns the vehicle used for conveying the drug adding that the car was earlier intercepted by some security agents who detained the two other suspects, his car and eight bags containing cannabis sativa while his brother who drove the vehicle fled.
He however claimed that following his intervention, the security agents released the suspects and his car to him after taking two of the eight bags containing the drug and sixty thousand naira from him, before he later ran into NDLEA officers while on his way back to Ekiti.
The statement also stated that officers of the Benue state command of the Agency have intercepted another suspected interstate drug trafficker, twenty nine years old Odinaka Ugwuanyi along Apir road, Makurdi with one hundred and twenty four thousand tablets of Tramadol, Diazepam and Exol-5, all weighing twenty two point five five kilograms.
The suspect who  was arrested on Saturday in a commercial vehicle, said he hails from Nsukka local government area of Enugu state.
He however claimed another passenger he knows who sat next to him in the vehicle dropped the bag containing the drugs with him and fled upon sighting NDLEA officers.
Reacting to the arrests, Chairman/Chief Executive of the NDLEA, retiref Brigadier General Mohamed Buba Marwa, commended the doggedness of the commanders, officers and men of the Ondo and Benue state Commands of the Agency in the ongoing offensive against drug barons, traffickers and peddlers.
He charged them and officers in other commands to remain resolute in the discharge of their constitutional responsibilities.more.
Reverend Father Oranye Urges Christians To Remain Firm To Overcome Challenges
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-26 07:39:48CategoriesState The Priest in charge of Christ the King Out-Station of Saint Thomas Aquinas Catholic Parish, Awka, Reverend Father Francis Oranye has challenged Christians to share their wealth with others, so as to be blessed beyond measure. Reverend Father Oranye gave the challenge in a homily with the theme: “Possibility amidst impossibilities”. He noted that persistency, dedication and determination are needed for one to excel in life, regretting that some people loose hope in the face of challenges, and advised such people to continue struggling hard and keep hope alive. At Christ Redemption Anglican Church, Ezi-Awka, the Vicar, Venerable Dr Nnamdi Emendu, in a sermon with the theme 'winning victories in the battles of life, called on Christians to put on the armour of God in times of challenges, noting that fervent prayers and peace are required for one to surmount challenges in today's society.  He asked the congregation to keep spreading the gospel, beware of false preachers and have peace in their hearts, even as he urged them to stand firm and anchor their faith on God.   Meanwhile, Christians have been urged to live out Christ, be holy and help one another as God instructed, for the unbelievers to turn to Christ.   Pastor Okey Akpangbo of Redeemed Christian Church Of God, Fruitful Hill's Assembly, Ngozika Housing Estate, in his sermon said the character of a Christian should be like that of Christ.  Pastor Akpangbo maintained that as Christians profess Christ, it is expected that they live sinless life, love one another and allow the light of God shine, in their lives.   Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that prayers and thanksgiving added glamour to the church services.   
Anambra APGA Chairman Obi Urges Stakeholders To Mobilize People For Voter Registration Exercise
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-26 07:36:40CategoriesState Stakeholders have been urged to mobilize and sensitize their people to participate actively in the ongoing voter registration exercise.   Speaking in Awka, the State Chairman of All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Sir Nobert Obi said this would ensure mass participation in the coming governorship election in the State.   Sir Norbert said continuous voter registration offers opportunity for eligible voters to obtain voter's cards to enable them participate in elections.   Sir Nobert reminded the political class that election is not a do or die affair, and stressed the need for them to uphold electoral guidelines and constitution to avoid overheating the polity   He cautioned against recruitment of youths for political thuggery, noting that most of the youths used in the past for political violence ended up as armed robbers and cultists, who continued to hold the society hostage.   He extolled Governor Willie Obiano for creating conducive environment for socioeconomic and political activities to thrive in the State.   Also speaking, the President General of Awgbu Progress Union, Mr Joe Onwuchekwa said the registration exercise is another opportunity for people of the State to equip themselves properly to participate actively in the coming election, urging those who have attained eighteen years since the last election, relocated from other places, lost their voters cards or want to update information on their registration status to explore the present opportunity.   Mr Onwuchekwa called on woman and youth leaders, churches and market leaders to sensitize and mobilize their members to obtain their voter's cards and participate in the electoral process and explained that voting power is the most effective tool in asserting political power and entrenching good governance, as well as having stronger voice in negotiating national issues and affairs.   He urged INEC to commence early preparation to provide necessary manpower and logistics for the Anambra governorship election to meet the expectations of the people. 
Capacity Building Workshop On COVID-19 Action Recovering And Economic Recovery Stimulus Ends In Awka
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-26 07:31:55CategoriesState A one-day capacity building workshop for the Anambra State COVID-19 Action Recovery and Economic Stimulus has ended with a call for all hands to be on deck in mitigating the adverse effects of the pandemic.   The workshop organised for the An-CARES Steering committee members was aimed at getting members familiar with the programm ee, to financing framework and implementation structures.   Declaring the workshop open in Awka, the State Commissioner for Economic Planning, Budget and Development Partners, Mr Mark Okoye said that COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected and continues to affect livelihoods and economic activities in the State, and to mitigate the effects, the Federal Government, with the support of the World Bank, established the COVID-19 Action Recovery And Economic Stimulus, NG-CARES, to support budgeted programme of expenditures and intervention at the State level, targeting existing and newly emerging vulnerable and poor households, agricultural value chains and micro and small enterprises affected by the economic crisis.   Mr Okoye commended Governor Willie Obiano for giving approval for the State level Steering committee to provide oversight and policy guidance for the programme implementation and operations, urging participate to take advantage of the opportunity.   On his part, the Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr Nnamdi Onukwuba said the workshop came at the right time, as processes are being started to access the twenty million dollars due for the State, which will mitigate the effects of COVID-19 to the vulnerable people, noting that his ministry is championing agriculture and food security, and will use FADAMA platform to drive the processes.   The Traditional Ruler Uke community, Igwe Charles Agbala, noted that with the composition of the steering committee and various arms that are involved in the programme, it will achieve positive results.   For the Managing Director, Anambra State Road Maintenance Agency, Engineer Emeka Okoye, the training became necessary in order to fully understand the objectives of the programme and roles to play in actualizing them, stating that his agency will focus more on roads leading to farm lands and business areas in rural and hinterlands.   Mr Chinaka Chukwuma of Development Measures, while giving an overview of the NG-CARES programme for result, said the beneficiaries are to be sourced from State Social Register, farmers register and other State registers built in line with the key performance indicators, while implementation leverages on extant State structures and institutions. 
World Tree Planting Day: Rotary Club Awka NAU Plants  22 Hybrid Trees At ABS
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-26 07:17:47CategoriesState Rotary Club of Awka Nnamdi Azikiwe University has planted twenty-two hybrid environment sustenance trees to commemorate the 2021 World Tree Planting Day. The trees, planted within the premises of Anambra Broadcasting Service, Awka was also aimed at promoting Rotary Club International's seventh area of focus which centres on sustaining the environment. Annual tree planting exercise, along with other human and environment-focused activities are part of Rotary Club International's corporate social responsibility and a defining foundation of the association. In his remarks shortly before planting one of the trees, the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development Alhaji Sabo Nanono represented by the Anambra State Director, Chief Arthur Mbuba, said that the exercise was remarkable because of its focus on environmental protection which also falls within the work reference of the Ministry, and commended Rotary Club of Awka Nnamdi Azikiwe University for the smart idea.  On his part, the Archbishop Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger and Bishop of Awka Diocese, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim, represented by the Administrative Secretary of the Diocese, Venerable Rex Kanu, noted that the exercise was exemplary and should be sustained because of its long-term benefits. In their separate remarks, the traditional ruler of Umueri, Igwe Ben Emeka and his Awka counterpart, Obi Gibson Nwosu, represented by one of his cabinet chiefs, Chief Nweze Okoli, applauded Rotary Club of Awka Nnamdi Azikiwe University for taking an important step towards environmental rebuilding, observing that the trees will be beneficial in so many ways.  Speaking further on the purpose of the exercise, the President of Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Rotarian Abuchi Nwozor, said that the aim of the outing was to answer the global call for a safer environment considering the climatic and environmental benefits of trees, adding that the exercise will also be carried out in some schools within Awka Metropolis. Rotarian Nwozor who noted that Rotary Club International stands as a bridge builder between the people and their environments by promoting global safety in every sphere of life, said that he believed that the trees will serve both aesthetic and environmental needs of the ABS.  Others who participated in the tree planting exercise included representatives of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Anambra State Command, National Environmental Standards and Regulations Enforcement Agency, NESREA, Nigeria Erosion and Watershed Management Project, NEWMAP, Anambra State Ministry of Environment, Girl Guide Association, Anambra State, as well as other notable individuals from within and outside Rotary International.  The District Governor of Rotary Club District 9142, Dr Okey Okonkwo was represented at the occasion by the Assistant Governor of zone ten, Rotarian Olachi Emegakor. 
FG Extends Deadline For NIN - SIM Verification To October 31
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-26 07:00:28CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government has extended the deadline for National Identity Number and Subscriber Identity Module data verification to October thirty-first. This is contained in a statement jointly signed by Dr Ikechukwu Adinde, Director, Public Affairs, Nigerian Communications Commission and Mr Kayode Adegoke, Head, Corporate Communications, National Identity Management Commission in Abuja. They said that the decision was reached following a request by stakeholders to accommodate registration in hard-to-reach remote areas, foreigners and diplomatic missions in the diaspora. According to the officials, the extension is also to address low enrolments in schools and hospitals, as evidenced by enrolment statistics. As at July twenty-fourth, 2021, there are over five thousand, five hundred enrolment systems within and outside the country and this will significantly ease the National Identity Number enrolment process and subsequent linkage of National Identity Number, to Subscriber Identity Module. 
Igwe Rowland Odegbo Empowers Youths, Vigilante Group Of Nteje Community
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-07-25 08:18:10CategoriesState Over fifty youths from across the three quarters of Nteje Community, Oyi local government area of Anambra state have received different degrees of empowerment from the traditional ruler of Nteje community, Igwe Rowland Odegbo (Abogu the 2nd of Nteje Kingdom) Twenty one youths, seven from each quarter received commercial motorcycles with kits and particulars of the motorcycles while others got cash empowerment of thirty thousand naira each.  The vigilante group of the community also got two motorcycles as a way of ensuring smooth and effective operations. Addressing the gathering, Igwe Odegbo said that the initiative was born out of his passion to support the youths and get them meaningfully engaged. He explained that his intention is to make them self - sufficient to impact the society positively.  Igwe Odegbo who expressed belief that the idea will go a long way in curbing crime and other social vices thanked those that supported the empowerment including the member representing Anambra East and West Federal Constituency, Honourable Chinedu Obidigwe, the Anambra state Chief of Staff, Primus Odili, Nnewi born business man Louis Carter, son of former traditional ruler of Nteje, Prince Walter Nnaemeka, Mrs Virginia Idoduba who is also from Nteje, among others.  The occasion was blessed by an indigenous priest of Nteje, Reverend Father Jerome Obiekezie and was witnessed by stakeholders from the community and beyond including the traditional ruler of Ukwala community, Igwe Joseph Ajodo. The event was held at the palace of Igwe Odegbo.  
Anambra State Wins Beacon of ICT Awards For E- Government Solutions Implementation
AuthorJane JoshuaDate2021-07-25 08:13:02CategoriesNigeria Anambra State Physical Planning Board has bagged an award at the 2021 Beacon of Information and Communications Technology Award as "E-government Solutions Implementation of the year". The award series is an annual event organized by Nigeria communications week media limited, and recognizes outstanding contributions of individuals and organizations to ICT development in the country. The award presented to the Executive Chairman, Anambra State Physical Planning Board, Barrister Chike Madueke is in recognition of the state government's commitment in information technology development, and readiness to address obstacles to broadband deployment and expansion.  Barr Maduekwe who is also the Special Adviser to Governor Obiano on Digital Economy revealed that the board polled the highest number of votes in the category during the voting stage, a process opened to industry stakeholders and enthusiasts months before the awards and earned the best rates. Receiving the award, Barrister Maduekwe lauded Governor Obiano's Vision and Support to the Board noting that Anambra became the first state in Nigeria to completely waive Right of Way.  A keynote address on "How 5G can Help Internet Service Delivery" was presented by Muhammed Rudman, managing Director, Internet Exchange Point of Nigeria at the ceremony. Prominent technology organizations such as Crestage Limited, Techno, Oppo were also presented awards.  
Commentary: The Need To Take Part In The Electoral Process
AuthorIfy ObinaboDate2021-07-25 08:08:28CategoriesColumnist Having experimented democratic governance for twenty-two years now, it is widely believed that Nigeria has come a long way in taking this form of government to the next level. Apart from being a system of government under which people exercise their governing power, either directly or through elected representatives, democracy provides a veritable platform for the citizenry to express their views on issues of national importance.
However, democratic practice can engender national discontent and acrimony, if apathy, sentiment and sectional bias are allowed to override its basic principles, norms and values. Democracy worldwide demands from the people a certain level of ability and character. These include rational conduct and active participation in decision making process, intelligent understanding of public affairs, independent and unbiased judgment, tolerance and selfless devotion to public welfare.
Unfortunately, the kind of democracy we practice in Nigeria cannot be said to have these ingredients. Rather, most Nigerians view democracy from party point of view, tribal inclinations and warped political mindset.
Many hardly see anything good in any government so long as that government does not pander to their selfish interest.
It is an established fact that some of the ethno-political skirmishes we witnessed in some parts of the country in recent times were triggered off by unguarded utterances, actions and unwholesome outbursts by those who are supposed to be in the forefront of the campaign for national integration and political cohesion.  No doubt, many people with sound democratic ideas have been degraded politically because of biased political culture and orientation.
In our bid and desire to have only our people at the helm of affairs at all times, we often jettison merit and enthrone mediocrity, even at the expense of our common good. It is only in Nigeria that forces are mobilized by interest groups in defense of corrupt leaders and treasury looters. At times, some sing the praises of such corrupt leaders for having the bravado to steal from the national wealth, and they often regard such loot as their own share of the “national cake”. This is quite unacceptable and should be discouraged in all ramifications. It is also observed that any decision made at the governmental level, no matter how ideal, is usually described as politically motivated.
There is no doubt that conflict of ideas and divergent opinions are bound to exist in a democratic dispensation like ours, given our heterogeneity and beleaguered political evolution, but people should always look at issues more critically by thinking beyond party line and sectional cocoon in the interest of national growth. It is quite sad that Nigerians do not vote because of sad experiences they had in the past or due to other forms of apathy, while others only consider candidates on the basis of the strength of their pocket.
Some of those who aspire to public offices are too selfish; they want to fill their pockets. They do not even consider the achievements of those occupying the position, whom they want to change. That is why elections are usually made a do or die affair, as against what obtains in advanced democracies where people see election as a call to service.
Time has therefore come for all Nigerians to make a sober reflection on our political history and see where we get it right and where we need some fine tuning in the interest of all of us.
Although the long period of military rule may have contributed partly to our political problems, it has become imperative to take a cursory look at other West African and African countries with whom we started this epic journey to freedom and see where they are today.
Let us all join hands in uplifting the ideals of the political process. Make sure you register to enable you vote. We must realize that our political values we abuse and bastardize now will surely provide the democratic foundation of our future and that of our children.
Grundtvig  Polytechnic Matriculates 62 Students
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-07-25 08:03:53CategoriesState Grundtvig Polytechnic, Oba, a Residential Tertiary Institution owned by the Grundtvig Movement of Nigeria, has matriculated sixty two students for the 2020/2021 academic session.   The students who were sworn-in at the Polytechnic’s matriculation ground were admitted into Schools of Engineering Technology, Applied Sciences and Management Sciences.   Fresh students for Diploma programmes in Catering and Hotel Management, Fashion and Textile Design of the Polytechnic, affiliated to Delta State University Consultancy Services, Abraka, were also matriculated.   In an address at the institution's maiden matriculation exercise, the Rector of the Polytechnic, Dr. Aloysius Nsolibe, said the school is a branded sector-driven tertiary institution, whose journey started few years ago, and was given operating license in 2019.  He assured that the school will maintain high standard of education, build character and competence in humanity.   The Chairman and Executive Director of the Polytechnic, Dr. Kachi Ozumba, urged the matriculants to continue in the culture of excellence which Grundtvig institution is known for all over the world, while assuring total support for them to realize their dreams.   Dr. Ozumba commended the Anambra State Government for the akuluo uno initiative, and providing enabling ground for institutions to thrive in the State.   The Director of Delta State University Consultancy Services, Abraka, Dr. Rowell Ugbo, who expressed joy that his Consultancy is affiliated to the Polytechnic, charged the new students to be disciplined.   Some of the students, including Kosisochukwu Livinus and Victor Chiemeka, thanked God for gaining admission into the Polytechnic, and pledged to study hard, while a parent, Mrs Ify Igbobi noted that her aim of sending her daughter to the school is for her to be self-reliant after passing through the school, while a relative, Prince Emeka Chuhra advised the students to utilize the conducive learning environment provided by the school to better their lots.  Correspondent, Oggorchukwu Oranu reports that Matriculation vows by the matriculants featured during the ceremony which attracted the presence of Anambra State Governor, Chief Willie Obiano, represented by his Deputy, Dr. Nkem Okeke, Anambra State Commissioner for Tertiary Education, Science and Technology represented by the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Mr. Edwin Ejike, Rector, of federal Polytechnic, Oko, Dr Francisca Nwafulugo, staff and Heads of various Departments of the institution. 
Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency Warns Of More Floods
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-25 07:58:07CategoriesNigeria Nigerians have been warned to brace for more floods The Director-General, Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency, Mr Clement Nze, who gave the warning while making a presentation at an interactive session organised by the Nigerian Institution of Water Engineers, said the country could experience more flooding because of a combination of climate change factors, population growth, urbanisation, economic development and poor drainage systems. He explained that changes in climate precipitation, river change flow regime and rise in sea level would increase the likelihood of floods in the country. Mr Nze stated that Nigeria Hydrological Services Agency had made efforts towards improving flood forecasting and management through the publication of the Annual Flood Outlook, adding that the public was engaged in flood sensitisation workshops, updating hydrological databases and improving on the hydrological modeling system. 
JDPC Calls For More Attention, Care  For The Elderly, Grandparents
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-07-25 07:55:54CategoriesState Following Pope Francis' declaration that a society without consideration for the elderly is ruined, Justice Development and Peace Commission, JDPC, Onitsha Archdiocese, has given priority to the elderly and grandparents.   At the maiden programme of the Commission held at Holy Spirit Parish, Omagba, which featured medicare and health talks, the importance of raising public consciousness on the need to show love and solidarity to elderly, was highlighted, as they continue to impact the society from their wealth of experience.   Speaking at the event, the Director of JDPC, Onitsha Archdiocese, Reverend Father  Edwin Udoye said the programme is aimed at sensitizing the elderly on the challenges of old age, socialization and keeping memories alive for societal building   Reverend Father Udoye explained that most often, the elderly are forgotten and abandoned in villages, resulting in loneliness, depression and other psychological factors affecting the ageing process and urged communities to initiate and key into such programmes in order to care for the elderly.   Earlier in his remark, the former Chancellor and Coordinator of Human Life Unit, Onitsha Archdiocese, Very Reverend Father Anthony Asoanya said the forum is deepening the usefulness and presence of the elderly, adding that their wealth of knowledge and sense of values need to be cherished.   In a lecture, a resource person, Reverend Sister Mary-Jude Therese of Pietan Caring Mission, discouraged abuses against the elderly and rather exposed them to tips on proper diet and essence of regular health checks.   Speaking to the ABS, a ninety-three years old Mr Mathias Obidike from Nimo, in Njikoka Local Government Area, and one hundred and four years old Mrs Bernadette Ozumba from Ogidi, in Idemili North Local Government Area, attributed societal ills and poor lifestyles as prevalent factors affecting longevity, while Mr Donatus Onyirioha and Mrs Comfort Ezeofor described such programme they were exposed to as a welcome development, calling for its sustenance. 
AFRPN  Holds 3rd  Annual Conference In Abuja Next Week
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-25 07:50:41CategoriesNigeria The Association of Foreign Relations Professionals of Nigeria, AFRPN, says its third annual Conference coming up in Abuja next week will dwell on the roles of diplomacy in combating terrorism and insurgency in West Africa.   Speaking through its President, Ambassador Gani Lawal, the group said it will interrogate and brainstorm on issues affecting the West African countries at the Conference, while participants will have opportunity to listen to the perspectives of Diplomatic Professionals, who have been in the frontline of combating terrorism and insurgency.  The Conference, according to Ambassador Lawal will feature a former Chairman of ECOWAS Commission, Ambassador Mohammed Chambas as the guest speaker, Nigeria's Permanent representative to the United Nations, Professor Tijani Bande, as the Chairman of the occasion, among others.   He said the aim of the association includes impacting the foreign policy of Nigeria in a positive way through lectures and workshops, as well as mentoring upcoming diplomats. 
NYSC Flags Off  2021 National Environmental Sanitation Exercise At Neni Anaocha Council Area
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-25 07:43:08CategoriesState The National Youth Service Corps, NYSC, has flagged off the 2021 National Environmental Sanitation Exercise at Neni, Anaocha Council Area.   During the exercise led by the new State Coordinator of NYSC, Mrs Yetunde Baderinwa, Corps members embarked on cutting of grasses on sides of the roads, collection and disposal of waste materials and clearing of drainages.   Paul Ezeoke reports that the Corps members also carried out enlightenment and sensitization of traders at Oye market and other places in the area on the need to maintain a clean and healthy environment.   In his address at the event, the Director General of NYSC, Brigadier General Shuaibu Ibrahim, represented by the State Coordinator, Mrs Baderinwa, called for effective mobilization of members of the community to participate actively in the exercise, which he said would feature sensitization, disease surveillance and report of outbreaks, noting that this would among other things promote cooperation, reduce indifference and ignorance.  Brigadier General Ibrahim reassured Nigerians that the Corps would not relent in offering health and other services, including environmental protection, and thanked the State government, traditional rulers, community leaders and other stakeholders for supporting the exercise.   Speaking on behalf of the Transition Committee Chairman of Anaocha Council Area, Mr Patrick Onyedum, the Councilor representing Neni Ward One, Mr Benson Igwemmadu, commended the NYSC for embarking on the initiative, which he noted would help promote culture of cleanliness and assured that the Council would continue to give them necessary encouragement to achieve set goals.  Also speaking, the traditional ruler Neni, Igwe Damian Ezeani stressed the need for an increased awareness campaign to enlighten the people on the need to embrace a friendly attitude towards the environment and adopt right waste disposal practices.   In their separate remarks, the Assistant Director in charge of Community Development Service of the NYSC, Mrs Benedict Nwokeke and the Corps Liaison Officer for Anaocha Council Area, Miss Docas Abode, assured that they would intensify measures to promote the programme to prevent spread of diseases.   The theme of the programme is "Clean Environment and Good Hygiene: Panacea for Good Health and Long Life. 
Anambra  State Association Of Calgary Canada Presents Homeland Project To Red Cross Society Community Children's Home, Onitsha 
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-24 07:14:15CategoriesState The Anambra State Association of Calgary, ASA, Canada has demonstrated their resolve of "giving back' to the society through homeland projects.   The association’s gesture come to bare when it handed over fifteen beds and mattresses, fifteen leak proof bed covers, two giant ward robe sets and a full set of kitchen cabinet to the Red Cross Society Community Children's Home, Onitsha.   In his remark, the President of the Association Mr. Cosmos Ezeukwue expressed fulfillment that the items have been mounted at the Children's home, which according to him, will assist in upbringing of the children   Also speaking, the Chairperson, Homeland Project Committee, and Vice President of the association, Dr. Mrs Chinyere Nwafor-Okoli, expressed satisfaction over the successful completion of the first phase of the ASA Homeland project, saying that the association deemed it necessary to lend a helping hand to the needy in Anambra State.   Receiving the items, a representative of Red Cross Society, Princess Appa and the Matron in charge of the home, Mrs B.C. Ajaelu appreciated the association for the items which they said will help the home in no small measure.   Highpoint of the event was presentation of certificate of commendation by the Red Cross society to ASA, Calgary, Canada, while songs by the children of the home added glamour to the event. 
Anambra Govt, NAU,  NCF Partner To Protect Environment, Natural Resources
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-24 07:06:25CategoriesState Anambra State Government, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka and Nigerian Conservation Foundation, NCF, have agreed on measures to protect and preserve natural infrastructure.   The agreement was entered at the end of opening ceremony of a two-day workshop on Anambra Forest-Landscape Restoration at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, the State Capital.   Permanent Secretary, Office of the Deputy Governor of the State, Mrs Ifeyinwa Uzoka, who explained that the State Government had been collaborating with donor agencies to protect and preserve the environment by addressing indiscriminate waste disposal, flooding and erosion menace through tree planting exercise, market gardens and ugbo az’uno, called for more investment in environmental maagement.   Vice Chancellor of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Professor Charles Esimone, who recalled that the institution had collaborated with the NCF to train forest guards that protect natural infrastructures in the University, disclosed plans to establish zoological and botanical gardens, as well as curriculum designed to educate students on reasons to preserve natural infrastructures.   On his part, NCF Director of Technical Programme, Dr. Joseph Onoja, emphasized the need to faithfully implement action plans to protect and preserve the environment, adding that increased and sustained advocacy targeted at major stakeholders across different communities in the State will be embarked upon to achieve set objectives.   Anambra State Commissioner for Information and Public Enlightenment, Mr. Cdon Adinuba, represented by Mr. Tony Nezieanya said the State Government had agreed with some organisations to assist Anambra State Waste Management Authority in proper waste disposal, noting that with effective information dissemination, the objectives of protecting and preserving the environment can be achieved.   Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the Anambra State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba, his Environment counterpart, Mr. Obi Nwankwo, represented by the Permanent Secretary, Dr. Emma Okafor made remarks at the opening ceremony of the workshop attended by representatives of town unions, media practitioners and students of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka. 
Anambra State Govt To Celebrate Students Who Excel In Academic Performances
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-24 07:03:01CategoriesState Commissioner for Basic Education in the state, Professor Kate Omenugha has disclosed the Willie Obiano administration’s plan to celebrate students whose academic performances have brought the State to the limelight. Professor Omenugha who disclosed this at an award ceremony held for secondary school students in Awka, the State capital, charged the students and teachers in the State to sustain and surpass the feat attained in recent competitions.  She commended individuals and organizations for supporting the State Government’s programmes in the Education sector, calling on other privileged individual to invest more in education. Professor Omenugha reminded other students that with the fear God, discipline and hardwork they can achieve more for themselves, families and the State.  
Anambra Governorship Election: Soludo's Running Mate Ibezim Urges Party Members To Work Towards APGA Victory
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-24 06:55:42CategoriesState The running mate to Professor Chukwuma Soludo who is the standard bearer of the All Progressives Grand Alliance APGA for the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State, Dr Onyekachukwu Ibezim says the party is intact, peaceful and orderly. Speaking to the ABS in Awka, Dr Ibezim maintained that there is no division in the party saying that APGA faithful have absolute faith and confidence in the leadership of the party under Dr Victor Oye. Dr Ibezim said that the emergence of his Principal, Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the standard bearer of APGA for the November sixth Governorship election in Anambra State is a clear indication that APGA believes in quality leadership. He charged the faithful to work towards ensuring that the party cruise to victory during the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra State. Dr Ibezim who currently is the Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on indigenous Medicine and Herbal practice, expressed optimism that the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC will live up to  expectations in conducting free, Fair and credible election that will reflect the wishes and aspirations of the people. He used the opportunity to advise politicians to avoid acts capable of overheating the polity. Dr Ibezim while describing the Judiciary as the last hope of the common man reminded them of the need to help safeguard the Nation's democracy. The Deputy governorship candidate described APGA as a political party for the Progressives that has restored people's confidence in Governance. 
Grundtvig Polytechnic Oba Idemili South Council Area Holds Maiden Matriculation Ceremony
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-07-24 06:50:11CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano’s think home philosophy has continued to yield dividends with the establishment of Grundtvig Polytechnic in Oba Idemili South Local Government Area. The maiden matriculation ceremony of the higher institution which was held in Oba was attended by the Deputy Governor of Anambra State, Dr. Nkem Okeke, the Rector Federal Polytechnic Oko, Dr Francisca Nwafulugo, among others.  Speaking at the occasion, the Deputy Governor commended the initiative and expressed his belief in education as the key to success. Dr. Okeke asked the students to take their studies seriously and know that they were admitted to study, improve their morals and character as a strong foundation to what they will later become in life. Also speaking, the Rector of the Polytechnic, Dr. Sam Nsolibe who noted that they were granted licence in 2019, described the journey which started many years ago as tedious, pointing out that with the successful matriculation, the school becomes the only private polytechnic in Anambra State.  He noted that the vision of the Polytechnic is to raise the standard of education, building character and competence into humanity. On his part, the Chairman and Executive Director of Grundtvig Polytechnic, Dr. Kachi Ozumba who appreciated the government of Anambra State for creating the enabling environment through brilliant policy and think home philosophy, revealed that the school idea began over a decade ago, pledged that they will continue with the culture of excellence and support students towards the realization of their dreams for attending the school.  In a goodwill message, the Rector of Federal Polytechnic Oko, Dr. Nwafulugo described the matriculation as an important academic transition, stressing that education is a real factor for tomorrow's investment. 
Non - Indigenous Stakeholders Association In Anambra Lauds Obiano On Good Governance
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-24 06:46:22CategoriesState Non Indigenous stakeholders association in Anambra State has commended the friendly disposition of the Obiano administration. The leader of the group Chief Great Ugwuoke who gave the commendation during a forum organized by the group aimed at mobilizing its members on the ongoing Voter registration exercise described Governor Willie Obiano as a man with heart of gold. Chief Ugwuoke said that the fatherly disposition of Governor Willie Obiano to non-indigenes in Anambra State has made them feel at home in Anambra State pointing out that such gesture had made the group to rate Governor Willie Obiano high. He described Governor Willie Obiano as one who has restored peoples hope and confidence in governance describing the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport at Umueri in Anambra East Local Government Area and International Conference center in Awka as major legacy projects of the Obiano administration in Anambra State which many view as Governor Willie Obiano’s parting gift to Ndi Anambra. Chief Great Ugwuoke used the opportunity to re-assure Governor Obiano the unalloyed support of the non-Indigenes stakeholders association in Anambra State to his administration and advised non-Indigenes in Anambra State to obtain their Voter cards to enable them take active part in elections. Chief Ugwuoke who was commended by members for his humility in service through an Award, charged non Indigenes in Anambra State to always be law abiding. 
Commentary: The Secret Of Obiano`s Success In Agriculture
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-23 06:28:53CategoriesColumnist Under the present dispensation, Anambra is synonymous with agriculture. With Governor Willie Maduaburochukwu Obiano, agriculture is the wisest pursuit of the state and Ndi Anambra. This is because it has contributed to real wealth, good morals and happiness. Akpokuedike realized from the onset that the ultimate goal of farming is not just the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings. Thus, he gave priority attention to the agric sector and constituted the Ugbo Azu Uno community, which has propelled the culture of subsistence farming among Ndi Anambra.
There is no doubt that after seven years of recording excellent results in Agriculture Ndi Anambra have become used to success. Suffice it to say that Obiano has not let his people down in agriculture and other sectors.
Governor Obiano was able to record unprecedented success in agriculture because he believes that the farm of the future must fulfill three important promises – it must feed the people, it must protect the environment and it must offer a healthy return on investment.
It is heartening that in seven years that Obiano steered the ship, rice production in Anambra has risen from a paltry 80,000 metric tons per annum in 2014 to 440,000 metric tons per annum in year 2020; likewise cassava production, which increased from 276,000 metric tons in 2014 to 2.1 million metric tons in 2020. Maize production rose from 16,000 metric tons in 2015 to 64,000 metric tons in 2020 and vegetable production increased from 48,000 metric tons in 2015 to 322,000 metric tons in 2020.
Land utilization also increased and stands at over 95, 200 hectares due to the influx of more people into agriculture. Today, Anambra has over 160,000 farmers and 3,000 Co-operative Societies duly registered. Most of our farmers have made a swift transition from one season farming to year-round farming with the increasing use of irrigation and the adoption of global best practices in agriculture.
Furthermore, when one looks at trends in our national economy, we see the need to give kudos to our proactive governor for his decision to make Agriculture the number one pillar of his economic blueprint. Agriculture is becoming increasingly important in Nigeria. Thus, Anambra must continue to push harder to surpass the targets it set for itself in the sector.
It is a thing of joy that Governor Obiano, in pursuit of this, has set his sights on deepening his efforts to mechanize agriculture in the state. The government has made adequate arrangements to provide more access to capital intensive farm machineries like tractors and other equipment to the farmers. This will enable Anambra meet its target of cultivating 35,000 hectares of land in this farming season.
To achieve this, the government has developed over 1,200 hectares of land for rice production; hoping to increase rice, Yam, Cassava, Vegetables and Maize production in this planting season. One thousand youths from three senatorial zones of the State are being engaged in rice production in the over one thousand, one hundred and seventy-seven hectares of land developed at Ndikelionwu in Orumba South.
The state government is equally constructing two fish villages at Adazi Nnukwu and Aguleri, with six hundred ponds, which will further engage six hundred youths, when completed, while also expanding production of horticultural crops, tomatoes, onions, cucumber, ginger and other vegetables to enable Anambra State become self-sufficient, among others.
It is commendable that Anambra, under Obiano, has established the fundamentals for a big agro-economy. It has created the enabling environment and attracted quality investments. However, it takes a determined citizenry to sustain a vision of development.
Therefore, Ndi Anambra should rise to the occasion by coming into agriculture in a much bigger way to help sustain the momentum Akpokuedike has built in this sector. His administration has proven its capacity to make things happen. Ndi Anambra, the rain is here; the ball is now in our court.
WRITTEN BY COMR. OBI OCHIJE 
Workshop On Anambra Forest -Landscape Restoration On Going In Awka
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-23 06:23:06CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba says collaborative efforts of the State Government and donor agencies, such as the World Bank, have resulted in reclamation and utilization of over thirteen thousand hectares of lands for agriculture and other purposes.   Mr. Onukwuba who disclosed this at the opening ceremony of a two-day workshop on Anambra Forest-Landscape restoration holding at the Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, said the workshop became necessary considering the negative impact of climate change on Nigeria ecosystem  He noted that the challenges posed by erosion have resulted in loss of fertile lands for agricultural purposes, leading to shortage of food and decline in fish and other aquaculture species.   Commissioner Onukwuba identified State Government’s intervention programmes aimed at alleviating the effects of erosion and deforestation to include livelihood Grant for Poverty Alleviation and Grassroots Empowerment, with over one- thousand -two hundred beneficiaries in eight communities in the State, installation of HydroMet and Early Flood Warning Systems in Coastal Communities to support Agriculture, as well as Flood Warning Disaster Risk Management.   He expressed optimism that the Forest Landscape Restoration action plan, which is beyond just tree planting, will impact positively on the people and contribute towards the Agricultural sector growth and ensuring food security in the State, and the nation at large. 
Safety Measures: FRSC To Organize Seminar For Tricycle Operators In Anambra
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-23 06:17:43CategoriesState Anambra State Command of the Federal Road Safety Commission says it will soon organize a seminar for Tricycle operators on Road Safety measures.   The Public Education Officer of the Commission in Anambra State Mrs. Florence Edorh disclosed this in the latest edition of ABS Radio audience participatory Programme Tonimas half hour.   According to Mrs. Edorh, the seminar is very important to all tricycle operators in order to minimize crashes involving Tricyclists on the highways.   She said that one of the cardinal objectives of the Federal Road Safety Commission is to sensitize Motorists on Road safety rules and regulations and charged Road users to always obey Traffic signs in addition to avoiding dangerous overtaking and over load to reduce Road crashes.   Mrs. Edorh commended the Zonal commander of the Federal Road Safety Commission in charge of Anambra, Delta and Edo states Mr. Andrew Kumapayi and the Sector Commander of the Commission in Anambra State, Mr. Adeoye Irelewuyi for their resilient in ensuring sanity on the highways and called for sustenance.   She used the opportunity to advise motorists revalidate their driver’s license to avoid embarrassment by officers and men of the Federal Road Safety Commission on duty.   Another guest on the programme who is the Anambra State Chairman of Tricycle operators in Anambra State, Chief Sylvester Obiora said that the union will collaborate Federal Road Safety Commission to ensure that sanity is restored to Tricycle operations in Anambra State.   Chief Obiora during the programme advised Tricycle operators in Anambra State to always obey Traffic rules, warning them to desist from driving against the traffic.   Some callers on the programme including Reverend Innocent Oguejiofor from Inyi in Oji River Local Government Area of Enugu State and Ego Oyibo from Awa in Orumba North Local Government Area called for concerted efforts to reduce Carnage on the Road. 
Ohaneze Anambra Youth Wing Refutes Endorsing  Umeoji As APGA Governorship Candidate
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-23 06:14:01CategoriesState The Ohaneze Ndigbo Youth wing Anambra state chapter, has refuted report that it endorsed the publication of Hon. Chukwuma Umeoji's name as APGA candidate for the November sixth Anambra governorship election.   A release signed by the leader, Ohanaeze Ndi Igbo youth wing Anambra State, Mazi Chukwuma Okpalaezeukwu- said the youth wing under the authentic leadership of Prince Emeka Udodeme, as State President and Amb. Prof. George Obiozor, as National President, Worldwide, disclaimed responsibility of such mischievous publication, trending online and therefore refute such impersonation.   He noted that the Apex Igbo Socio-Cultural and Political Organization is non-partisan, and therefore do not indulge nor interfere in any political party Affairs and warned in strong terms, mischief makers to desist from such impersonation, with the tendencies of dragging the renowned reputation of Ohanaeze Ndi Igbo to the mud.   Maazi Okpalezeukwu noted that they recognized the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as a competent democratic institution, that is Committed to the Provisions of the Rule of Law and the  Electoral Act (2010 as Amended, and are more concerned about the Online Continuous Voter Registration exercise that is rapidly ongoing across the State without the complementary Bio- metric data, and propose for a more broad and effective way of Bio-Metric data collation as the current measures tends to congest the process of Voter Registrations and called on INEC to do the needful.   The Ohaneze Ndigbo Anambra state wing  called on all eligible Ndi Anambra, both Indigenes and Residents especially youths, to consciously participate in the ongoing Voter Registration exercise in order to consolidate the tenets and dividend of Democracy in the State.   The youth leader revealed that Igbo youths in Anambra State are committed to a Transparent, Credible, Peaceful, Free and Fair Election come November 6, 2022 Anambra governorship poll.   They urged politicians, irrespective of political parties, to desist from any act of violence and other civil vices capable of undermining the success of the forthcoming Election in Anambra State. 
Retirees With Disability Hail Obiano  For Promoting Welfare Of Less Privileged
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-23 06:07:12CategoriesState The Special Adviser to the Governor on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie has affirmed that Governor Willie Obiano has done extremely well for persons with disabilities in Anambra State. Barrister Ezewuzie made this known when retirees with disabilities in Anambra State paid him a courtesy call in Awka. Correspondent Chibuzor Okoye  reports that the retirees, led by their state Coordinator, Mr. William Umeh, who retired as a Director of Social Services at Anambra State Civil Service Commission, commended Barrister Ezewuzie for his innovations and hard work towards the welfare of persons with disabilities.  Mr. Umeh said they were in his office to extend their commendation to the governor as well as to intimate him with some of their challenges, with a view to addressing them. Responding, Barrister Ezewuzie commended the retirees with disabilities, who have served in various capacities in the state civil service, and promised that Governor Obiano will attend to their needs. The Special Adviser described Governor Obiano as the best disability friendly governor in Nigeria and promised that persons with disabilities in the state will continue to support the Willie Obiano administration at all times for a prosperous and greater Anambra.  Two of the members, Mr. Leonard Ifediniru and Mr. Francis Ezeanwuna extolled Barrister Ezewuzie for being proactive and responsive in the discharge of his duties and urged him not to relent. The Special Assistant to the Governor on Sign Language Interpretation, Mr. Collins Joseph and the Executive Assistant to the Governor on Disability Services, Comrade Ugochukwu Okeke were present during the event. 
Body Of 20yr - Old Apprentice Barber Removed From Well At Amawbia, Awka South Council Area, After Missing For Three Days
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-23 06:01:47CategoriesState These questions "what really happened? Did he intentional fall inside the well or was he pushed in by someone?, among others were on the lips of residents and passersby as the corpse of a young man between the ages of twenty and twenty-one was discovered in a well at Amawbia, Awka South Local Government Area, after missing for three days. Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that according to some residents of the area, the body identified as Mr. Sunday from Enugu State, was until the ugly incident, an apprentice in a barber shop in front of the compound where the said well is located. Speaking to the ABS, a resident of the area, Mr. Emmanuel Michael explained that the said young man had been missing since last Sunday, after he came to work.  He was discovered on Wednesday, twenty-first July 2021, by a plumber, who came to repair the borehole that was connected to the well, which stopped to generate water since Monday due to blockage by his corpse. Narrating further, Mr. Michael said that the owner of the barbershop where the late Mr. Sunday was an apprentice did not show any concern on hearing the tragic news of his boy's death, but he rather opened his shop and continued his business until angry mobs leashed their anger on his shop. On arrival at the scene, ABS observed that the barbershop was actually attacked as the plastic sign board, doors and seats were destroyed beyond repairs. According to people at the scene, the owner of the shop is now in police custody. All efforts to get the police reaction proved abortive as investigation is still on top gear. 
Anambra Lawmaker Ozobialu Donates Five Million Naira To Unubi Development Union For Borehole Facility Project
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-23 05:55:07CategoriesState The member representing Nnewi South One Constituency in the Anambra State House of Assembly, Honourable Sony Ozobialu has donated five million naira cash to Unubi Development Union for the drilling of borehole facility at Unubi Civic Centre to tackle the problem of water scarcity in the area. The borehole project, inaugurated by the lawmaker, will also facilitate the construction of Unubi Civic Centre, Nnewi South Local Government Area. House of Assembly Correspondent Chukwuemeka Modilim  reports that according to Honourable Ozobialu, the five million naira covers the borehole and sundry expenses for the project. The lawmaker while stating that portable water is fundamental to good health and sanitation revealed that the borehole is a constituency project driven by the request of Unubi Community.  He thanked Governor Willie Obiano for providing constituency project funds that enabled him to touch the lives of his constituents. In his remark, the President General, Unubi Development Union, Mr. Cosmas Abanobi, while thanking Honourable Ozobialu for the gesture described it as their visible share of democracy dividends and assured its security. On his part, the Transition Committee Chairman, Nnewi South Local Government Area, Mr. Chieloka Okoye announced that the people of Nnewi South One Constituency made a right choice in Honourable Ozobialu as he is living up to expectations.  The Senior Special Assistant to the governor on Political Matters, Barrister Kingsley Umenwa commended the lawmaker for chosen to live a life of accountability, probity and honesty. 
Anambra Governorship Election:  APGA  Ward Four, Ozom Urunnebo Enugwu-Ukwu, Njikoka Council Area  Backs Soludo
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-23 05:50:55CategoriesState Members of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Ward Four, Uzom Urunnebo Enugwu-Ukwu, Njikoka Local Government Area have expressed support for the party's leadership and candidacy of Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the party's standard bearer in the November six governorship election in Anambra State. The members, who stated this during a meeting of executive and stakeholders from the ward, held at the village hall said that events arising from divisive plots to compromise APGA's unity and popularity ahead of November election have made it necessary for them to reason together.  Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe reports that the running mate to Professor Soludo, Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim, while addressing the members, urged them not to lose focus or be daunted by the current temporary hitches, noting that what is most important is a strong united APGA that can outrun other parties in the election. Dr. Ibezim also proposed council of elders for political wards in the state, to act as promoters of peace, and pledged support to grassroots party units. In her speech, the Commissioner for Youths and Creative Economy, Professor Theresa Obiekezie, who is from the ward said that Enugwu-Ukwu remains one of the biggest beneficiaries of Governor Obiano's goodwill, urging stakeholders to rise up to their roles in carrying other members of the party along.  Also speaking, one of the conveners of the meeting and Deputy Chief Press Secretary to the Governor, Mr. Emeka Ozumba said that the forum was to enlighten party members on current events in the party, for them to be able to separate rumours from facts, adding that Governor Obiano's developmental preach to the town singles APGA  out as the ideal voice of the masses. Mr. Ozumba also urged members of the party to avail themselves of the ongoing voter registration exercise and get registered for the November poll. On his part, the chairman of APGA in Njikoka Local Government Area, Elder Charles Ukekwe, said that though Professor Soludo presents the strongest antecedents among all the candidates vying for the Anambra top seat, party members across the state must rally round in full force to ensure that November sixth votes replicate APGA and Soludo's popularity.  The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah,  urged them to keep their faith in Governor Obiano's transitional goals and keep firm belief in APGA's stellar vision. APGA members from the ward as well as executive council members from all the wards in Njikoka local government area attended the meeting. 
Commentary: Blocking Illicit Money Transfers From Nigeria
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-22 06:37:58CategoriesColumnist The recent alarm raised by the Chairman of the Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, that Nigeria accounts for about 10 billion dollars, that is over 4 trillion naira that Africa loses to illicit financial flows (IFFs), has underscored the urgent need to tackle the challenge.  The 10 billion dollars represents 20 per cent of the estimated 50 billion dollars that the continent loses, and about 30 per cent of the current federal budget.
IFF is a form of illegal capital flight that occurs when money is improperly earned, transferred or spent.  In most cases, such funds have no trace in the record books of the country of origin and the earnings are not repatriated to the country from where they were taken.
This has also confirmed the Global Financial Integrity Group report that Nigeria accounted for 858 billion dollars illicit cash between 1971 and 2009.  The report had listed illicit drug courier, illegal fuel exports and oil bunkering for the large number of the loss.
For decades, Nigeria has topped the list of African countries on IFFs transactions. President Muhammadu Buhari had, in September 2019, disclosed that Nigeria lost an estimated 157.5 billion dollars to illicit financial transactions between 2003 and 2012.  Based on the current exchange rate, this will amount to over 48 trillion naira, which is more than Nigeria’s budgets from 2015 to 2020, and more than Nigeria’s debt stock put at 36 trillion naira.
This is a worrisome development that can harm the economy, hamper budget implementation and general development of the country, if it is not promptly checked.  In 2015, a study by Africa Union (AU) Panel led by former South African President, Thabo Mbeki, estimated that over 50 billion dollars illicit funds left the continent annually, thereby stunting Africa’s development.
At his maiden address to the 70th United Nations General Assembly in 2015, President Buhari urged world leaders to strengthen mechanisms for dismantling safe havens for proceeds of looted public funds and to return the assets to their countries of origin.  That call is still relevant today.  The campaign to stop illicit financial transfers has not been so effective.  There is need, therefore, to strengthen good practices on asset recovery and return.
We urge the government, relevant agencies and financial institutions to concertedly check the rising cases of illicit financial flows.  A report released by the Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) and Trust Africa indicated that Nigeria loses about 5.5 trillion naira yearly to illicit financial flows.  Over 92 per cent of the crime is reportedly committed in the oil and gas sector. This represents about half of the continent’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
In another report, the Partnership for African Social and Governance Research (PASR) observed that oil-exporting countries, like Nigeria, are vulnerable to illicit financial transfers.  Similarly, the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) reported that the USA accounted for 29 per cent of illicit financial flows from Nigeria.  The report blamed the massive illegal transfers to multinational oil firms, public office holders, the elite, smugglers of commodities and others who swindle the country through trade mis-invoicing tax evasion and trade underpricing.
Therefore, we call on the anti-graft agencies and other relevant security agencies to jointly tackle the menace.  This has become necessary considering the reports that terrorist groups, such as Boko Haram received over 70 million dollars between 2005 and 2011.  The amount may have increased by now.
Above all, let the regulatory authorities monitor the banks and other financial institutions against illicit money transfers.  The National Assembly should also enact stricter laws against illicit financial flows.
WRITTEN BY PROF. ANTHONY EZE 
ABS DNCA Okpakaeze, Others Appointed Into UN-PEPOLAC Advisory Council
AuthorGab OkpalaezeDate2021-07-22 06:31:20CategoriesState The United Nation's Peace and Positive Living Awareness Centre, UN-PEPOLAC, has officially announced some appointments into the organization's Advisory Council, with the Director of News and Current Affairs of ABS, Mr Gab Okpalaeze as Director, Media and Publicity. The International Coordinator of UN- PEPOLAC, Reverend Dr Ozioma Ozoemena, who made this announcement during the recent Advisory Council and Stakeholders Forum lunch meeting at Awka, listed Igwe Ben Emeka of Umueri as chairman, Peace Mediation and Reconciliation Committee, and Bishop Dr Mike Chukwudum as Director, Crises, Disputes, and Conflicts Resolution.  Other appointees include, Professor Josephat Ogbuagu of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, as the Deputy Chairman, Advisory Council, the Director General of Onitsha Business School, Prof Olusegun Sogbesan as Director of Technical and Research, Archbishop Ephraim Ndife, as Vice Chairman of the Advisory Council, among other appointees. Addressing the appointees shortly after presenting them with their appointment letters into the various offices and positions, the International Coordinator, and chairman of the Advisory Council, Revd Dr Ozoemena charged them to strive towards redirecting the society on the path of peace, unity and progress. According to Reverend Dr Ozoemena, the environment is charged with tension, strife and bickering, which need to be doused for the interest of the society.  He directed the minds of members of the organization to innumerable inter and intra communal crises, ethno religious feuds, and even disharmony among family members, adding that as peace advocates, they should find solutions to them via mediation, reconciliation and advocacy. The appointees later pledged to approach their functions with diligence and promptness so as to help make the world a better place for human habitation. The United Nation's Peace and Positive Living Awareness Centre, is one of the United Nations approved non-governmental organizations, charged with maintenance of peace among various peoples of the world. 
Eld - El - Kabir: Hausa Community Lauds Obiano For Giving Members Succour
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-22 06:25:56CategoriesState The leader of the Hausa Community in Awka, Alhaji Garuba Haruna has applauded Governor Willie Obiano for felicitating with Hausa indigenes resident in the state during the just concluded Eld -El- Kabir. Alhaji Haruna, who made the commendation in his 2021 Eld -El- Kabir massage to the Muslim faithful and Nigerians in general, disclosed that Governor Obiano provided them with rams and bags of Rice for distribution to over three thousand Hausa families in Anambra State for their Sala celebration. While praying God for a peaceful gubernatorial election in the state on November sixth, Alhaji Haruna challenged Muslim faithful and their Christian counterpart to reason together with a view to changing the current pensive situation in the country for better through concerted prayers. He also urged Nigerians to put aside their different ethnic backgrounds, identifying politics and religion as some of the pressing challenges of the nation. Alhaji Haruna while urging the people to embrace peace and oneness condemned in its entirety the unlawful activities of the Boko haram sect, kidnappers, herdsmen and terrorists bedeviling the country, saying that such dastardly acts are not in tandem with the teachings of Prophet Abraham. At Ugwuoba Cattle Market in Enugu State, the secretary of the market, Alhaji Jubril Madagi, said that the Sala celebration is a moment in the Islamic calendar when they glorify God for His all seasons blessings upon their lives and as well as a period to pray for the unity, peace and progress of the nation. He called for promotion of  harmony in  the country as one indivisible entity. 
IPPIS: Again FG Suspends Salaries Of 300 Workers Across MDAs
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-22 06:24:20CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government has once again suspended the salaries of three hundred workers across various Ministries, Departments and Agencies in the federal civil service over their failure to update their records on the Integrated Personnel and Payroll Information System. An internal memo marked and signed by the Permanent Secretary, Career Management, Mr. Mamman, on behalf of the Head of Service, Folashade Yemi-Esan, stated that the suspension of other officers, who had failed to update their records on the IPPIS platform, would continue. The memo note that the suspension continues in batches for all officers in the core MDAs that failed to carry out the online records update. 
Anambra Deputy Governor Okeke Asks Teachers To Strive Towards Higher Productivity, Cautions Against Extortion Of Students
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-22 06:22:04CategoriesState Anambra State Deputy Governor, Dr. Nkem Okeke has called on teachers at all levels to always strive to impact quality knowledge on their students as a way of justifying their salaries. Deputy Governor Okeke made call recently in a function at Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka. Dr. Okeke, who frowned at some lecturers, who fail to perform their official duties of teaching and impacting knowledge on the students, reminded them that the students have the right to be adequately taught and molded into better citizens, and warned those that extort money from students in the name to award them marks, to re-trace their steps. He called on students to take their studies seriously, as according to him, to be educated is the best opportunity one could ever have. Government House Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the Deputy Governor further encouraged parents to do all they could to train their children in schools, as it is the best investment any parent can make. 
Chinedu Umeadi Foundation Rewards Students, Teachers For Excelling In  Science Quiz Competition
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-22 06:18:41CategoriesState Dr. Chinedu Umeadi Foundation has rewarded secondary school students and teachers in Anambra State for excelling in the second edition of the 2021 Science Quiz Competition, sponsored by the foundation. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the quiz competition is aimed at “stimulating students across the African continent to improve their knowledge base in different subjects. This year’s exercise has a total of two hundred and six public and mission secondary schools at Anambra State zonal levels.  At an award ceremony in Awka, the Commissioner for Basic Education, Professor Kate Omenugha, who charged the students and teachers from nineteen schools across different educational zones in the state to sustain and surpass the feat attained in the competition, described Dr. Chinedu Umeadi Foundation as strong supporter of the state government’s programmes in the education sector, calling on other privileged individuals to emulate the founder. Professor Omenugha disclosed that the Obiano administration will, on a later date, celebrate students, whose academic performances have brought the state to the limelight, and reminded other students that with the fear of God, discipline and hard work they can achieve more.  The traditional ruler of Abagana, Igwe Sir Patrick Okeke, the chairman on the occasion, Emeritus Professor Frank Akpuaka, and a parent, Chief Chukwudi Nzeribe, praised the foundation for its determined efforts at recreating the standard of education Southeast was known for and thanked the teachers for helping the foundation and the state government to realize set objectives in the education sector. The chairman of Post Primary Schools Service Commission, PPSSC Awka, Honourable Ifeoma Okaro, Director of Science and Technology Department, Lady Ebele Okudo, and the member in charge of Otuocha Educational Zone, PPSSC Awka, Chief Joe Enemuo, who noted that such competition offers opportunity to showcase and evaluate standard of teaching and learning of science and ICT in the state's school system, said the finals of this year’s competition was computer-based, in order to meet the expectations of the foundation, which are in line with the Willie Obiano administration’s policy of bequeathing globally-competitive education to Ndi-Anambra.  The President and Secretary of Dr. Chinedu Umeadi Foundation, Sir Ikem and Osoluchukwu Onwuadi, said the foundation, founded in 2019, is determined to change the orientation of the young ones and improve living conditions of the people, promising that the competition will be sustained to consolidate on its gains. The state overall best student in the competition, Mmesoma Nzeribe, who received cash and scholarship awards, second best, Ukamaka Kamuo, both from Maria Regina Secondary School Nnewi, and third best, Franklin Ekemezie, from Christ the King College, Onitsha, who also received cash awards and other rewards, promised to win more. 
IPOB Absolves, Apologize to Obiano, Umeh for False Accusation
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-21 07:15:47CategoriesState By Chike Mbonu The leadership of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) has absolved the governor of Anambra State, Chief Willie Obiano and apologized to him for erroneously accusing him of having a hand in the abduction and extradition of the leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu to Nigeria from Kenya. In a statement signed by Comrade Emma Powerful, the Publicity Secretary of the group, IPOB said "we wish to absolve Gov. Willie Obiano from any involvement in the act contrary to our earlier statement based on preliminary investigation. Gov. Willie Obiano was found to be innocent after our intelligence unit conducted further investigations on him. We regret any harm our earlier statement might have caused him." Waxing philosophical, the group which also exonerated Senator Victor Umeh from its earlier charges of complicity in the abduction their leader further declared "We are responsible enough to admit our error any time any day. So, we apologise to Gov. Obiano and Victor Umeh." Emphasizing that it does not act on rumour or propaganda, the group declared that "Senator Sir Victor Umeh is innocent of the accusations against him, the voice note going viral where they mentioned Victor Umeh is not true and our people should disregard that voice against him anybody involved in such abominable act should desist from such and repent because IPOB will get him or her who are responsible for this cowardly act." 
Book on Obiano’s stewardship will get to all Anambra groups in Abuja...Liaison Officer
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-21 07:09:55CategoriesNigeria The Anambra State liaison officer in Abuja, Agatha Manafa has promised to make the book, ‘Governor Obiano, seven years of delivering good governance in Anambra State, get to all groups and associations in the Federal Capital Territory and environs. She made the promise, when the Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, and co-editor of the book, Dr. Uche Nworah paid her a visit in her office in Abuja. The liaison officer, who thanked the ABS MD, and Governor Willie Obiano who she termed the alert governor for all the marvelous things he has been doing in the state especially for supporting the liaison office, said the book is a great feat that would help people have an understanding of all the achievements of the Obiano - led administration.  Ms. Manafa, said the Anambra Broadcasting Service with its office in the Abuja liaison office, gives her great joy as it has contributed immensely to projecting the office, and also bringing news about ndi Anambra resident in the city to people back home. Earlier, the ABS Managing Director, Nworah, had said he came to thank the liaison officer for the wonderful support she had been rendering to staff of the ABS in Abuja. He said the Abuja office is a means for ndi Anambra to have access to the station as well as use the office to bring information back home. The ABS boss expressed joy about the success of the Abuja bureau as according to him, there have been commendations from different quarters. 
ASAF Schools Onitsha Holds 27th Graduation Ceremony
AuthorODINAKA NWOLISADate2021-07-21 07:05:27CategoriesState Investment in education they say pays the best interest   This was witnessed at the twenty-seventh graduation ceremony of ASAF Schools Onitsha. .   Staff reporter Odinaka Nwolisa who captured the colourful scenario reports that education remains the surest provision to secure the future.   ASAF Schools had over the years contributed in advancing the education sector, as the pupils laid credence to the academic standard in exhibiting their talents and potentials as champions  In a remark, the chairman on the occasion, Chief Martin Odum who highlighted that the school has uplifted the standard of education through academic excellence maintained that qualitative education remains the foundation for progress.   He underscored the academic feat of the state in the education sector in the last four years both in internal and external examinations and thanked the proprietor for his un-relentless efforts.   Presenting an address of welcome a staff of the school, Mr. Divine Onunze noted that the school which stands first among equals cannot compromise the resounding academic reality as well as the inclusive education policy and urged graduants to be good ambassadors of the school.   Speaking to the ABS, the school Proprietor, Mr. Armed noted that the school has built capacities through provision of enabling environment for effective teaching and learning process.  The pupils in various performances showcased their abilities in forms of debating fashion parade and cultural dances.   Some parents and care givers who attested on the academic performance of the school observed that the school is anchored in knowledge for greater input.   Crowning of Little Miss Chisom Odilichukwu as Miss ASAF GRA and her counterpart Chizitere Ezenwa as Miss ASAF Awada featured at the event.   Presentation of certificate to the graduants and gifts to some deserving teachers for their hard work formed highpoints of the event. 
Ohaneze VP Okeke Ogene Urges National Assembly To Uphold Electronic Transmission Of Election Results
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-21 07:00:26CategoriesState The National Assembly has been urged to take a second look at the issue of electronic transmission of election results to meet the expectations of Nigerians.   Speaking in Awka, the Vice President of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Chief Damian Okeke Ogene said the lawmakers should be guided by the needs and aspirations of the people they represent in their decisions on national issues.   Chief  Okeke-Ogene noted that INEC meant well for the country by proposing migration to electronic transmission of election results in line with global best practices and wondered why some lawmakers should block the initiative when other sectors like education and finance have successfully keyed into the practice.   He explained that if well implemented electronic transmission of result will help tackle challenges of electoral fraud including manipulation of figures and ballot box snatching as well as reduce level of human errors, cost and waste of materials.   According to Chief Okeke Ogene, electronic transmission of election results will also promote transparency and integrity of the electoral process which will accelerate growth and advancement of Democratic culture and structure in Nigeria, stressing that independence of the legislature should not be compromised because of political party leanings or external pressure.   On Anambra Governorship election, he urged the political class not to overheat the polity and express worry over increasing show of desperation by some politicians, warning that waste of huge resources on litigation and counter litigation is not in the best interest of the state.   Also speaking, a political Stewart, Chief Jeff Ndubisi said Anambra state would not accept any attempt to undermine the will and aspirations of the people and urged all stakeholders to uphold the Electoral Act and Constitution of the county. 
Family Members, Friends, Well Wishers Mourn Ezinne Uche Iyiegbu At Oba, Idemili South Council Area 
AuthorNJIDEKA OKOYEDate2021-07-21 06:57:00CategoriesState A life well lived calls for celebration, especially in Igboland.   No wonder the children of late Ezinne Uche Iyiegbu gave her a befitting burial as people from all walks of life gathered to pay their last respect to the deceased.   Burial ceremony in Oba Idemili South Local government area is usually a one day event but that of late Ezinne Iyiegbu lasted for days, full of activities marking the burial ceremony.  Staff reporter Njideka Okoye covered the event and  reports that St. Paul's Anglican Church Oba where the  funeral service officiated by the Bishop on the Niger Right Reverend Dr. Owen Nwokolo was held in honour of late Ezinne Iyiegbu was filled to capacity by  relations and sympathizers from within and outside the country came to witness the burial ceremony.   In a sermon, the retired Bishop of Nike Diocese, Enugu State Rt. Rev. Prof. Evans Ibeagha who spoke on "Watch the company you keep" advised people to avoid bad friend that will make them loose focus and purpose of God for their life, describing Ezinne Iyiegbu as a committed Christian and a mother per excellent.   One of the sons of the deceased Mr. Obinna Iyiegbu who on behalf of his siblings described their mother as a teacher and a mother to all around her and thanked all who came to commiserate with them.  In his tribute, the Regent of Oba, Chief Noel Ezenwa who led the Ezeokpoko cabinet to the ceremony described Ezinne Iyiegbu as a role model who will be remembered for her philanthropy and good character worthy of emulation.   A reception at Merchant's of Light school field Oba was a festival of a sort  as different artists, Nollywood actors, cultural displays and  dancing troops too numerous to mention took turns to perform.   Friends and relations of the Iyiegbu family including Chiefs Chris Nnoli, Obi Ufondu, Chibuzo Onyema among others thanked the Akaeze family for their contributions in Oba community, saying that their mother was a mother to all.   Over ninety clergymen in their ranks, the Senate President represented by Senator Uche Ekwunife governors of the South East and beyond, ranks and files attended the ceremony. 
Anambra Health Commissioner Okpala  Reechoes Call For Residents To Comply With COVID Protocols To Prevent Third Wave
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-21 06:51:42CategoriesHealth State The state Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala has identified public compliance to COVID-19 protocols as key to containing the third wave, currently ravaging countries and some states in Nigeria. Dr. Okpala made this known while interacting with journalists in his office at the Jerome Udoji state Secretariat, Awka. Reflecting on the efforts of the state government during the index cases, Dr. Okpala noted that his ministry carried out massive awareness campaigns to enlighten the public even as he emphasized that the establishment of the Protective Care Centers helped the state to contain the first and second waves of the pandemic. He explained that the introduction of Anambra COVID-19 Chain of Survival, preventive measures also helped in containing the pandemic and re-emphasized the importance of the chain of survival to the public. According to him, Anambra vaccinated forty-one thousand, three hundred and four residents while some weeks ago thirty-two thousand, three hundred and ninety-seven tests were conducted out of which one thousand, eight hundred and eighty-four came positive while one thousand, eight hundred and sixty-five positives were discharged. 
Anambra HOS Udu Tasks Workers On Hard Work, Diligence
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-21 06:49:43CategoriesState Anambra State Head of Service, Barrister Harry Udu has urged the state work force to be duty-driven as diligence is rewarded in due time. Barrister Udu gave the advice while receiving the Public Servant of the year Award in his office at the Jerome Udoji state Secretariat Complex, Awka. He expressed his gratitude to God for making it possible for him to serve the good people of Anambra State in that capacity and advised workers to go beyond the normal call of duty, if they desire to make an impact that would perhaps be recognized and awarded someday as according to him, no one attains any height in the service by just carrying out their normal duties. Barrister Udu, who thanked Governor Willie Obiano for granting his consent to programmes that benefit the Anambra workforce, also thanked the officials of Nigerian Magazine that gave him the award for looking out for diligence secretly and rewarding openly. Earlier, the leader of the team, Mr. Emmanuel Okon, congratulated the HOS for being a deserving award winner even as he noted that Anambra State remains a reference point to other states within the federation. 
Anambra Traditional Rulers Council Urges Youths To Shun Electoral Violence, Thuggery
AuthorNNEKA ANOLIEFODate2021-07-21 06:46:41CategoriesState Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council has advised youths to shun electoral violence and thuggery as November sixth governorship election approaches. The traditional rulers gave the advice during their monthly council meeting, held at the Government House, Awka. Speaking on the issue, the chairman, Anambra State Traditional Rulers Council, Igwe Alfred Achebe of Onitsha said as the governorship election draws near, it is pertinent that families sensitize their members, especially the youths, on the need to shun violence and avoid being used as political thugs. Igwe Achebe, represented by the Deputy Chairman of the Council, Igwe Sunday Okafor of Okpuno, cautioned youths against wasting their opportunities. In their separate speeches, the traditional ruler of  Nnewi, Igwe Kenneth Orizu, that of Olumbanasaa, Igwe Pius Omachonu, their Akwahedi counterpart, Igwe Cornel Onebunne and that of Isseke, Igwe Emma Nnabuife asked  youths to realize that those politicians, who used them as political thugs, safely kept their children abroad. They harped on the need for them to go out to exercise their franchise in peaceful and orderly manner and shun acts that are capable of dragging their families’ name and state to the mud. Contributing, the traditional ruler of Enugwu-Ukwu, Igwe Ralph Ekpe, his Akwaeze counterpart, Igwe Christopher Okpala, as well as Igwe George Ekwealor of Umuoba-Anam and their Enugwu-Umuoyia counterpart, Igwe Peter Ezeamama, urged the youths to turn out en masse and vote for  candidate of their choice rather than being instruments to execute violence and malpractices. The royal fathers noted with sadness that after assisting inordinate politicians to achieve their aims, they brand such youths as thugs without making provision to engage them meaningfully. The traditional rulers further cautioned politicians, who fail at the polls to accept defeat as election is not a do or die affair. 
Anambra Lands Commissioner Enemali Reassures Land Owners At Trans Nkisi GRA Onitsha Of Adequate Compensation
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-21 06:45:22CategoriesState The state Commissioner for Lands, Mr. Bonaventure Enemali has assured original land owners at Phase three, Trans Nkisi, GRA Onitsha, of adequate compensation if there is merit in their claims. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim reports that the Commissioner gave the assurance during his meeting with the House of Assembly committee on Public Petitions and representatives of the land owners. Mr. Enemali explained that the state government has released twenty percent of the realizable plot of lands it acquired in phase one and two of Trans Nkisi GRA, Onitsha to the customary land owners. He urged the ten families that own lands in phase three of the layout that are yet to be compensated to exercise patience with the ministry as they will be compensated if there is merit in their request. The Commissioner applauded the Committee for joining hands with the ministry in addressing some challenges confronting it. Speaking, the chairman, House Committee on Public Petitions, Honourable Emeka Aforka assured the land owners of their candid assistance towards consideration for a release of twenty percent of realizable plots from the Trans Nkisi, GRA Onitsha. On his part, the representative of the owners of lands in the area, Mr. Emeka Bosah, expressed satisfaction with the responses of the Commissioner and the committee on the issue, and thanked the committee for finding merit in their petition. 
The Media Need to Keep Away from New Political Scam Artists from Anambra
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-07-20 07:31:38CategoriesState 1. Some political scam artists have in the last few days been going from one media house to another in Lagos and elsewhere claiming to be representatives of the Anambra State Government with the sole intention to use organs of mass communication to mislead the public on current developments in Anambra State. Some of these scam artists are persons whose appointments with the State Government have been terminated for redundancy and gross inability to add value to the governance of our dear state. 2. They have never had the mandate to speak on behalf of the Government and people of Anambra State on any issue. The Anambra State Government has a disciplined and well-developed approach to public communication. The few officers who can speak on behalf of the Government on any given issue are well known and easy to approach any time of the day. 3. The public, led by the mass media, are, therefore, advised to disregard charlatans from Anambra State who claim to speak on behalf of the State Government. These individuals are scam artists, popularly known as 419 elements. They collected money from a political scoundrel who wants to wreck Anambra State for purely pecuniary reasons. The scoundrel and his minions are obsessed with undermining the immensely popular candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance (APGA) in the November 6 gubernatorial election, Professor Charles Chukwuma Soludo, CFR, the former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria and a globally respected economist who served on the United Nations Committee of Experts to review the global financial system in the wake of the 2008 global recession. 4. Governor Willie Obiano and his entire administration are committed to Professor Soludo’s triumph with a huge margin in the November election. This great economist and development expert has the personal integrity, humility, skills, knowledge, experience, network, vision, energy, drive, and passion to take Anambra State to unprecedented heights within a short period. He has always discharged with aplomb every assignment he has been given, including his leadership of the Anambra State Vision 2070 Committee, set up to develop a strategic plan to make Anambra become a fully developed economy in the next 50 years, as such places as Taiwan and Dubai have become. This vision will be realized to the Glory of God, with leaders like Professor Soludo as Anambra State Governor.   God bless Anambra State, the Light of the Nation.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
Anambra 2021: Federal High Court Awka Reinstates Soludo as APGA’S Candidate
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-20 07:28:43CategoriesPolitics State Federal High Court sitting in Awka has Reinstated Prof. Charles Soludo as the Candidate of the All Progressive Grand Alliance for the November 6th Governorship Election in Anambra. This was given in a judgement delivered by Justice C C Okaa where he clearly stated that the other parties which included Jude Okeke, Edozie Njoku and Chukwuma Umeoji are meddle some interloper. This Judgement is coming at the back of the candidates list published by INEC on Friday 16 July 2021 which included Chukwuma Umeoji as the Candidate of the All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) which was a result of a court order from a Jigawa High Court 
Commentary: Echoes Of WINCO Foam Industries Limited
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-20 07:26:25CategoriesColumnist Anambra State Sector Commander of the Federal Road Safety Corps, Mr Adeoye Irelewuyi, recently, commended the Management of G.I. Okafor and Sons Limited, for using one of its conglomerates, Winco Foam, in helping to reduce unemployment in Nigeria. Mr Irelewuyi gave the commendation when he led some top management of the command in Anambra State for Advocacy visit to Winco Foam Manufacturing Company at Agu-Awka.
Apart from the latest commendation, the Standards Organization of Nigeria, SON, had, on June 11, 2020, issued the company with the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) certificate. The certificate is awarded to companies that have passed the standardization tests on quality production in conformity with the production guidelines issued solely by SON.
Winco Foam Industries Limited was incorporated in 1983. Since then, the company has been living up to its goal of adding more comfort to people's life. The company uses latest technology to give quality products of international best standards to the people.
Winco Foam Industries Limited has a good and standard laboratory, in addition to safety assurance. Its products include ‘Winco Delight’, ‘Winco Comfort’ and ‘Winco Gold’. All these, have one year warranty. Other mattresses are ‘Winco Splendor’ and ‘Winco Merit’, have one year warranty each. ‘Winco Elegant’ has three years warranty, while ‘Winco Orthopedia’ gives ten years warranty.
‘Winco Grandeur’, with five years warranty, is a pride to special homes. There are, of course, ‘Winco Classic Pillow’, ‘Winco Super Pillow’ and ‘Winco Elegant Pillow’, with guaranteed qualities. Winco Foam Industries Limited also has Winco Hospital Mattress, Winco Cradle Mattress, Winco Bunk mattress, Winco Porta Mat and Winco Topper Mat.
There are also uncovered foams for cushions underlay, as well as foam sheets and blocks. Because of its quality production, the company has been receiving awards and accolades from far and near, including the one by the Institute for Government Research and Leadership Technology, which conferred an award on ‘Winco Foam Elegant Mattress Bond’ for its quality.
However, the Winco Foam Industries Limited has some challenges facing its development, including poor power supply, counterfeiting and imitation of its products by unscrupulous elements. The use of generators has inhibited its capacity to meet the increasing demands of its consumers.
Other challenges are the high cost of production, influx of fake foams into the country, regulatory problems, among others. Although the odds against manufacturers in the foam industry have grown, making it difficult for some to break even, yet, Winco Foam has been able to weather the storms.
Winco foams are sold to the industrial sector for sound proofing, furniture manufacturing or for resell. They are also available to schools, hotels, and hospitals. Despite the high cost of raw materials, the prices of Winco Foam products are still stable.
 
Customers can place their orders on line at www.wincofoam.com. The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Dr. Godwin Ifeanyichukwu Okafor, is a one-time President of Foam Manufacturers Association of Nigeria. He hails from Isuofia in Aguata and has, through the company, which has branches in Awka, Lagos, and Abuja, employed over eight thousand people.
For using the Company in alleviating poverty in the state, our prayer is that the Almighty God will continue to strengthen Dr. Godwin Okafor, and give him more wisdom, as he pilots the affairs of the frontline Foam Manufacturing Company in Nigeria.
Currently, Winco foam has opened a showroom in Awka office, at Agu-Awka Industrial Layout. Those who are into Hospitality industry, hospitals, maternities, schools with boarding facilities, among others, are advised to visit the Awka office to make purchases. The Management of Winco Foam is advising its numerous distributors to ensure that they sale the products as it is.
Winco - Foam for Great Comfort.
Bishop Nwokolo Ordains 19 Deacons In Onitsha
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-07-20 07:23:24CategoriesState Nineteen Ordinands have been made Deacons by the Bishop on the Niger Right Reverend Owen Nwokolo. Performing the function at the Basilica of Saint Andrews Onitsha, Bishop Nwokolo, charged them to always care for the poor, the needy, sick and all who are in trouble in order to win more souls for Christ. Bishop Nwokolo, reminded the Deacons that they are to assist the Priests under who they serve in addition to preaching the gospel undiluted.  He charged the Deacons to be faithful and remain focused in their Ministry to withstand earthly pressures. In a sermon, Venerable Goddy Iloka of Ebenezer Anglican Church, Ogidi said in the midst of the battle, Ministers of God are challenged to show the way, correct the anomalies, speak the truth and change the face of the earth. He called for a righteous life style among Christians which according to him, is the only way they can inherit the kingdom of God. Some of the new deacons, Reverends Ikechukwu Muomalikwu and Udonna Ekpunobi prayed God to help them in their Ministry. Others who spoke during the event included the Chairman of the Christian Association of Nigeria in Anambra State Venerable Joseph Nweke, Permanent Secretary, Anambra State Ministry of Transport, Dr Emman Udeakpeh and a former Anambra State House of Assembly member, Sir Tim Egboka urged the new deacons to be fishers of men and work towards making the society better.  Declaration of oath of canonical obedience, laying of hands on the fore heads of the new Deacons by Bishop Nwokolo and issuance of holy bible as mark of authority and thanksgiving were the highlights of the service. 
OPEC Raises Nigeria's Crude Oil Production Output To 1.83Trillion Barrels Per Day From  April 2022
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-20 07:20:17CategoriesBusiness Nigeria Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, OPEC, has raised Nigeria’s crude oil production output to one point eight-three trillion barrels per day from the present one point five-five four million barrels per day. The new output will take effect from April 2022 and will last till May 2022. The increase is coming on the heels of the organization’s, decision to raise its output by zero point four million barrels per day on a Monthly basis, starting from August 2021 until the phasing out of five point eight million barrels per day product adjustment is December 2021. This was announced in the organizations declaration of co-operation statement from nineteenth and Non-OPEC Ministerial Meeting in Vienna Austria. According to OPEC the adjustment was in view of the current old Market fundamentals and the consensus on its outlook. OPEC stated that compensation plans should be submitted in accordance with the statement of the fifteenth OPEC and Non-OPEC Ministerial Meeting. 
Anambra State Govt Nabs  10  Fake Revenue  Collectors  In Onitsha
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-07-20 07:17:14CategoriesState Ten fake revenue collectors were at the weekend apprehended in Onitsha Correspondent Emengini Osadebe reports that the arrest was made by the Joint Taskforce on Illegal Revenue Collection at various Markets and flashpoints in the area. The Joint Taskforce Team comprise Officials of the Anambra State Ministries of Transport, Trade, Commerce and Industry and Internal Revenue service. Speaking to the ABS, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Internally Generated Revenue Mr. Chuka Okosi said they were mandated by the State government to rid the State of illegal Revenue Collectors so as to provide a conducive environment for Transporters, Traders and their customers for Businesses to thrive. On their parts the leader in charge of Special Duties Anambra State Ministry of Transport, Mr Sunny Okafor, the Chairman Taskforce on Illegal Revenue Collection Mr Obinna Nweke and a member of the Team Mr Ozoemena Owo regretted the nefarious activities of these illegal Revenue Collectors in various parts of the State. They pointed out that the suspects have been parading themselves as government agents and assured that they will not rest on their oars until they are flushed out of the State calling on parents to caution their children to desist from crime and criminality. Some of the traders at Ochanja market Chief Ogbonna Obiekunie and Mr Nnamdi Okwudili commended the State Government for the exercise saying that their activities have continued to scare customers away from their Markets, and called on the government to sustain the arrest while suggesting that an office be created where traders and customers could be directed to pay their levies to curb their excesses. 
YESS Marks 2nd Anniversary, Enrolls 100 Members Into Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-20 07:14:54CategoriesState One hundred members of Youth Earnestly Seek Soludo have been enrolled into the Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme. . The beneficiaries were enrolled during the celebration of the second anniversary of existence of the group at Nnobi Idemili South Local Government Area. Our man Paul Ezeoke reports that Youth Earnestly Seek Soludo is political movement that mobilizes support and solidarity for actualization of political aspirations of APGA Chieftain and former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria Professor Chukwuma Soludo . The celebration attracted youths from the three senatorial districts and twenty one Local Government Areas of the State.  Enrolling the beneficiaries, the Executive Secretary of Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme, Dr Simeon Onyemaechi said Anambra State government under Governor Willie Obiano designed the scheme to give residents of the State easy access to affordable quality healthcare as part of interventions to promote healthy living across the State. Dr Onyemechi explained that the scheme enables beneficiaries to maintain regular medical check to detect illnesses early enough for prompt treatment to prevent complications and commended Youth Earnestly Seek Soludo leadership for the initiative of caring for health needs of its members. In a speech the Convener, Dr Nelson Omenugha said the movement which started two years ago was in recognition and appreciation of the impact, motivation and inspiration of Professor Chukwuma Soludo on youths and need to harness his potential in governance to further elevate Anambra State to a pride of place and entrench tenets of good governance. Dr Omenugha noted that Professor Soludo is one of the gifts of God to Anambra state and explained that beneficiaries of the Health Insurance Scheme were selected from the twenty-one Local Government Areas of the State, assuring that more members of the movement would be enrolled in coming days. The Chairman of the occasion Dr Amechi Nwachukwu noted that health insurance is fundamental in maintaining healthy society and urged the beneficiaries to take advantage of the opportunity to promote their health and commended the movement for sustained efforts in mobilizing support for Professor Soludo, noting that youths are reshaping and changing course of governance in various countries of the world. In a remark, the Chairman of All Soludo Support Group, Mr Chinedu Nwoye urged members to remain firm and resolute to achieve set goals. One of the supporters of the movement, Mr Chukwuebuka Igwe donated a bus to the group during the event while unveiling of names of financial supporters and cutting of anniversary cake were the highlights. 
Obi -Okoye Asks INEC To Uphold Democratic Principles In Its Activities
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-20 07:11:48CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has been asked to retrace its steps to its primary responsibility of ensuring that all sense of democratic principles of justice and fairness are sustained in the Nigeria electoral process.   The Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Political Matters, Barrister Ifeatu Obi-Okoye made this call during (Nzuko-Anambra) an ABS Radio Audience Participatory Programme.   Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that Barrister Obi-Okoye maintained that it is high time INEC went back to the major purpose for its creation to restore Nigerians confidence in the commission.   The Guest while sighting example of what happened in Imo State governorship election last year, regretted that such abnormally still happen in the twenty-first century, adding that INEC should do the needful by accepting the name of the former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, Professor Chukwuma Soludo who emerged as APGA flag bearer under the authentic leadership of the party, headed by Dr Victor Oye as Chairman.   On his part, the Anambra Convener Central, of Soludo Support Group and Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on Community Liaison, Comrade Ochije Modilim said that the nationwide stir caused by the  removal of Professor Soludo's name by INEC confirmed his acceptability as the most trusted candidate vying for the Anambra top job.   Comrade Modilim who noted that Soludo's camp was not moved by the temporary hitch, as it has its eyes focused on following due process to emerge victorious in the poll, called on INEC to study Anambra electoral terrain very well before taking unhealthy decisions. Recall that a Federal High Court sitting in Awka yesterday reinstated Professor Charles Soludo as the Candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, for the November sixth Governorship Election in Anambra State, in a judgment delivered by Justice C C Okaa. 
ASWAMA MD Akorah Asks Residents To Join Hands With Govt To Mitigate Adverse Effects Of Flooding
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-20 07:08:34CategoriesState Residents of Anambra State have been urged to join hands with government to mitigate adverse effects of flooding in this rainy season.   Speaking in Awka, the Managing Director, Anambra state Waste Managing Authority, ASWAMA, Mr Amechi Akorah said that government is taking all necessary measures to protect the state environment from flood devastation, following prediction by Nigerian Meteorological Agency-NiMet.   Paul Ezeoke reports that according to NiMet, some parts of the country including Anambra State will witness flooding this year, as a result of the above normal rainfall pattern due to increasing intensity rainfall at the peak of the season, especially in areas that are naturally prone to flooding.   Mr Akorah said ASWAMA in collaboration with the Ministry of Local Government recently embarked on special intervention during which heaps of refuse were successfully moved away from various points in Awka and environs while similar exercise is ongoing in various parts of the commercial city of Onitsha, adding that the agency has continued its daily routine activities and is deploying more vehicles for regular and accelerated waste collection, disposal and management.   He disclosed that the agency is clearing banks along riverine area of Anambra East to enhance effective monitoring of water rise for prompt action, while the state government has sustained efforts to keep drainages free for easy flow of water and cautioned corn sellers and other hawkers against dumping refuse indiscriminately, while developers should desist from building structures across natural waterways to avoid blockage.   Mr Akorah also cautioned against indiscriminate sand excavation to avoid altering natural waterways and forcing water to take wrong channels that could aggravate flooding and disclosed that ASWAMA is initiating closer collaboration with communities, markets, churches, schools and other stakeholders to intensify sensitization and enlightenment on need to imbibe friendly attitude to protect the environment.   Also speaking, an environmentalist, Mr Ken Nwafor, called on people in riverine areas to remain vigilante and report rise in water level promptly to relevant authorities and avoid illegal structures that could block the waterways. 
Egwuruegwu Umuaka In Igboland And Challenge Of Technological Development
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-20 07:06:11CategoriesState The popular Egwuregwu umuaka in Igboland is fast declining and on the verge of extinction, perhaps as a result of influence of foreign cultures and practices in Igbo culture and tradition.   These imported cultural practices have captured the interest and psyche of many Igbo youths and have washed away the popularity  of fun play among children, a routine that served as a form of relaxation from academics and domestic chores.  Correspondent Blessing Denis reports that  children, especially girls, usually looked forward to these fun plays such as ‘Ikpo-uga, “Itu swell, “Ncho”, Igba-egwu and several others which have both entertainment and educative values and are necessary for both body and mental growth as was witnessed at Umuenwelum-Anam in Anambra West Council Area.   Speaking to the ABS in the issue, an eight year old Master Chukwuka Nnamdi, from Umuenwelum Anam, Anambra West Local Government Area, revealed that he prefers playing computer games to “Ikpo-uga”, but was quick to add  that he derived joy and energy playing with other kids.  Another child from same community, Miss Ozioma Chukwudi, who is twelve years old, said that they normally play after school in the afternoon or evening to avoid being distracted from doing their domestic chores as well as school homeworks.   She advised children not to underestimate the value of play that provides opportunity to learn, develop and get rid of stress.   For Mr Nnorka Abogu, it is important for parents to play vital roles in training their children, adding that fun play among children can build healthy mindset and groom peer groups.   In their separate remarks, Mrs Caroline Nnamdi from Oroma Etiti Anam, Mrs Antonia Nnorka and Mrs Oluchukwu Ferdinand, advised parents to always monitor the activities of their children that use smart phones, so as to keep them away from negative influences. 
Anambra State Mourns Dr Larry Udorji, Former World Igbo Congress President
AuthorC DON ADINUBADate2021-07-19 07:17:57CategoriesState The Anambra State Government has expressed sadness over the death of Dr Linus (Larry) Udorji, former President of the World Igbo Congress, the most famous association of the millions of Igbo-speaking people in the Diaspora.   Dr Udorji, 59, died in the Washington area of the United States after a protracted battle with prostate cancer.   “Larry was relatively young, vibrant, energetic, forward looking and passionate about the living standards of the people at home as he was about the affairs of our people in the United States and elsewhere in the world”, Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra State said in a message to the current WIC president, Professor Anthony Ejiofor, who was a close friend of the deceased.   In the message released today in Awka to newsmen by Information and Public Enlightenment Commissioner C. Don Adinuba, the governor lamented that the “the government and people of Anambra State have lost a versatile intellectual, entrepreneur, community mobilizer and devotee to the public good whose values were shaped by his several years of training in the seminary in Nigeria and in such secular institutions as Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Howard University in Washington DC and Walden University in Minnesota where he trained in disciplines as diverse as Latin, Philosophy and Clinical Psychology”.   Professor Ejiofor thanked Governor Obiano for his “swift message to the World Igbo Congress”, noting that Obiano “is the first Nigerian governor to condole the WIC leadership following the passage of a worthy predecessor, friend and confidant”.   In a message to the Traditional Ruler of Ihiala, Igwe Thomas Ikenna Obidiegwu, over Dr Udorji’s death, Governor Obiano advised “Ihiala people to take solace in the fact that though your distinguished son left this planet at a rather early age, you should be proud of the fact that he touched many lives deeply and took an active part in the social and cultural affairs of his hometown that enabled him to take the high traditional title of Ichie Ihiala, a town which, according to the Anambra State Ministry of Local Government, Chieftaincy and Town Union Affairs, has a well-established history of monarchy spanning some 700 years”. Chief Obiano asked the Ihiala people to follow Dr Udorji’s footsteps and embrace the values of peace, reconciliation, forgiveness, progress, service above self and solidarity which is commonly referred to in Igboland as “onye aghana nwanne ya.   “These are the values which drive rapid progress in Igboland, especially Anambra State in the last few years”.   Signed   C. Don Adinuba Commissioner for Information & Public Enlightenment. 
APGA NWC Celebrates National Chairman Oye @ 65
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-19 07:16:03CategoriesNigeria It was a marriage of culture as the National Working Committee of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, threw a surprise birthday party for the National Chairman of the party, Dr Victor Oye, in Abuja.   Members of the National Working Committee took turns to pray for the party and Dr Oye in Igbo, Hausa and Yoruba languages.  Speaking at the event, a former Minister of Information and Culture, Mr Labaran Maku, who is also the National Secretary of the party, described Dr Oye as a great achiever who has strength of mind, and capacity to fight until success is achieved.   He congratulated the celebrant on his sixty fifth birthday, and for being a good role model who has impacted positively on the lives of members of the party.  The deputy governorship candidate of APGA in the forthcoming Anambra governorship election, Dr. Onyekachukwu Ibezim, the Majority leader, Anambra State House of Assembly, Dr. Nnamdi Okafor and the Deputy National Chairman South, of APGA, Chief Uche Okogbuo, eulogised the National Chairman for being a patriotic Nigerian who is committed to ensuring the progress of others and promised to remain loyal to his beliefs.   Responding, the National Chairman, Dr Oye, thanked them for coming to celebrate the victory of APGA over darkness, and maintained that no matter the current situation, the party will forge ahead in its developmental strides.   He promised that the ongoing APGA state secretariat building in Anambra State would be replicated in all the states of the Federation to ensure that the presence of the party is felt far and wide. 
Commentary: The Exploits Of Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-19 07:15:34CategoriesColumnist No doubt, the two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Thus, it is exactly three months today that a woman endowed with the virtue of charity, an Amazon, a quintessential Matriarch like no other, the Late Ezinne Martina Chinyere Enidom was laid to rest. Ezinne was like morning dew to us; always loving and caring. She was both soft and powerful; both practical and spiritual. She felt the pulse of others, especially the down trodden.
Suffice it to say that, to mark her three months of interment, memorial mass holds today at Saint Mary’s Catholic Church, Neni, to be officiated by the auxiliary Bishop of Awka Diocese, Bishop Jonas-Benson Okoye. Thereafter, there will be unveiling of Nri Primary School, Neni and Umunri Health Center, both remodeled in memory of the matriarch. The unveiling will be done under the Chairmanship of Honourable Oseloka Henry Obaze, OHO.
 
Ezinne Martina Chinyere Enidom believed that charity brings to life again those who are spiritually dead. Her spirit of charity would see her home as a pilgrimage for the sick that she would bring in, treat and nurse till they were healed. From her trivial stipend, she would pay school fees for the indigent and the hoi-poloi in the society.
Mama was a consistent giver and she imbibed in her children the art of charity and self-denial to satisfy others. Mama simply taught them that charity is kind. And so, Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation (MCEF) was conceptualized in her name. MCEF is a lifelong conceived charity for less privileged youths to acquire education or obtain finance to establish a viable entrepreneurial venture.
 
Hence, the essence of renovating the Nri Primary School is to make it the BEST Public Primary School in Anaocha LGA. It was fenced, while a modern rolling gate was installed. Also, ICT building was constructed, attached to the old block, while ceramic floor tiles were fixed in all the classrooms
Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation (MCEF) equally introduced talking pen/Book for primaries 1 & 2. It will start functioning in the next academic year, 2021/22 section. MCEF facilitated the use of talking pen/book in Special School Eziaja, Neni, sponsored by Messrs Benedeth Eyisi Foundation.
Furthermore, Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation fixed all the collapsed ceilings, constructed the toilet facility, and installed the overhead water facility to service the toilet and to provide drinking water to the school. It constructed the football pitch, with goal posts, grassed to standard, constructed the sitting arena for the pitch, and constructed the handball pitch, with its own seating arena.
 
Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation equally constructed the drainage, provided innovative tyre system for erosion control, planted 250 trees to screen off the school from outside view, repainted the entire school and hired 6 teachers for all the classes; focusing in mathematics and English. Each class will, from the next academic year, have 2 teachers.
In addition, Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation introduced annual prize giving day in the school to motivate the pupils, especially in mathematics and English. The health center adjacent the school will, from next year, serve as the sickbay for the Nri Primary School. Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation will offset all costs associated with their medical bills, only to the extent of what the health center can handle. The foundation also hired game master for the school.
At the Umunri Health Center, Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation repaired the leaking roofs and fixed the ceiling, constructed the ceramic floor tiles of the entire facility and constructed the concrete external floor. It also constructed a rolling gate for the center, constructed the overhead water tank and solar system to provide uninterrupted power. The foundation bought various hospital items to be unveiled. This was done in Partnership with Mrs Uche Ojomo, a true daughter of Eziaja Village, Neni
Martina Chinyere Enidom Foundation Economic Empowerment is exemplary. It intends to proactively assist youth and rural market women through recycling funds. The foundation will provide soft free loan to at least 10 youths in Anaocha LGA (one in each town), with adequate entrepreneurial skills, to initiate or expand their businesses. Again, 20 rural market women from Neni (two from each village) will be assisted with soft recycling loans.
To God be the glory.
WRITTEN BY ARC CHUKWUEMEKA ENIDOM 
Commentary: Sustaining The Good Governance In Anambra State
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-19 07:12:08CategoriesState Before the All Progressives Grand Alliance government took over the reins of power, prominent citizens of the state such as a former deputy governor, serving commissioners, traditional rulers, academics, entrepreneurs and topflight movie stars were being kidnapped with impunity, while armed robbers were on rampage, killing and maiming people and stealing their money and property.
Consequently, many people and businesses relocated elsewhere in the country and even abroad. Ndi Anambra living in the Diaspora were scared of coming home for political, socio-cultural and business activities because of threat of being abducted or murdered in cold blood. Many conducted activities such as traditional marriages and burials at their places of abode like Lagos and Abuja.
Happily, this is no longer the case. Today, in spite of the national security calamity, Anambra has become the safest state, as confirmed by security agencies in Nigeria.
Secondly, before Governor Obiano came on board, no government in Nigeria contemplated a policy that would take democracy dividends down to the grassroots. Obiano broke the jinx by introducing the "Community Choose Your Projects Initiative", whereby the state government has, since 2017, consistently been giving twenty million naira grant every year to the 181 communities in the state to execute any project of their choice.
Again, the aesthetic beauty of Awka has been enhanced with the construction of the International Conference Centre at Agu Awka, the Awka City Stadium as well as three magnificent and flood light adorned flyovers with traffic lights. Recreation parks for relaxation have been created at strategic points in the capital, Onitsha and other parts of the state. The International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri is over ninety percent completed. The Awka Capital Territory Development Authority, ACTDA, created by the Obiano government is also doing a lot to fast track the transformation of Awka and its environs into an ideal administrative headquarters of a modern state. Today, Anambra is one of the foremost rice producers and millers in Nigeria. Anambra Rice dwarfs others in the markets. Vegetables, cassava and rice productions have improved astronomically and for export to Europe and United States of America. The state is equally doing well in Ugbo Azu Uno as well as livestock production of chickens, eggs, fish and Efi Igbo.
It is also a thing of joy that Anambra has the biggest and most modern oxygen production plant in the Southeast, situated at the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu-Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital, Amaku, Awka. Anambra is also the first state in the country to initiate and implement a health insurance scheme, popularly known as ASHIA, which has made access to medical treatment, including surgery and lab, very cheap for families who subscribe to it.
Another people-oriented programme of the present state government is facilitation of soft loans for micro, small and medium scale enterprises by ASBA from the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN. The Anambra Small Business Agency, ASBA, did not exist in the state before the emergence of Governor Obiano. On the first of August last year, the Presidency gave an award to the Anambra state government as the Most Supportive State Government in Nigeria for Micro, Small and Medium Scale Enterprises in the country.
None of the previous administrations in the state ever thought of providing street lights in major roads and streets across the state until Obiano began to do it successfully. Notwithstanding paucity of funds, the state government has demonstrated its responsiveness in governance. Salaries and pensions are paid as and when due.
A wise saying goes thus: we never know the worth of water till the well is dry. Succession is an important obligation of leadership and that part of a leader’s silent mission should be to find someone with the right orientation and temperament to succeed him. Not only has Governor Obiano found a pair of competent hands to build a super structure atop the structure he has erected; he has also found someone who would preserve his own legacy. With a good successor, the future of Anambra State would have been secured with a bold and wise succession plan. Anambra must continue to shine as the light of the nation after Obiano, if we all do the needful.
WRITTEN BY DR. NNAMDI NWADIOGBU 
Exclusion Of APGA Candidate From INEC List Slap On Democracy - Oye
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-19 07:02:47CategoriesPolitics The National Chairman of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Chief Victor Oye, says the exclusion of the party's candidate from the list published by the Independent National Electorate Commission, INEC, is a slap and affront on democracy. Speaking with the ABS in his office after his sixty-fifth birthday party, Chief Oye noted the dire need to uphold a democracy that is not laced with greed, avarice and unnecessary tension in Nigeria, which he said was the reason God created APGA to be a bridge among the various zones in the country. He said that any force that wants to diminish APGA will face a lot of opposition, describing the party as a light that will always expel darkness. The APGA boss stressed that any attempt to make Nigeria a one party nation will fail, as Nigeria, with over two hundred and twenty million people, is a country with multifarious ethnic groupings and as such, all groups must be given a voice. He said INEC erred by not publishing the name of the candidate duly chosen by the party, noting that the Commission ought to   have published the names on the ninth of July as required by the electoral law, but waited till the fifteenth to obey a court judgement from Jigawa State, which he described as bizarre. Chief Oye urged INEC to rectify the mistake soonest in order to protect its credibility, adding that plots to impose a particular candidate or party on Ndi Anambra will be resisted vehemently, as according to him, APGA is a party blessed by God to change the trajectory of Nigeria’s political life. 
NGO Okai Nweze Foundation Donates School Chairs, Desks To Pupils Of Odekpe Central School Ogbaru Council Area
AuthorEMEGINI OSADEBEDate2021-07-19 06:59:58CategoriesState A Non-Governmental Organization, Okai Nweze Foundation has donated School chairs and desks to over four hundred Pupils of Odekpe Central School in Ogbaru Local Government Area of Anambra State. Correspondent Emengini Osadebe reports that the ceremony for the handover of the furniture to the school authority attracted officials of the Anambra State Universal Basic Education Board,ASUBEB, and other well-meaning citizens of Odekpe community. The Okai Nweze Foundation, founded five years ago by Princess Helen Adaeze Obah Osonowo, the daughter of the Late Prince Chukwulo Obah, the Okai one of Odekpe Community, was aimed at addressing  challenges facing the less privileged, especially lack of  basic  things of life such as food, shelter, education, among others .  In their separate remarks, theASUBEB Chairman, Mr Patrick Ugbaja, represented by Mrs Uche Okeke and the Education Secretary, Ogbaru Education Zone, Mr Chike Uzor commended the donor for her kind gesture, which they said is in line with the State Government’s objective in education sector, calling on other wealthy individuals to help in lifting the education sector to an enviable height. On their parts, the President-General of  Odekpe Progressive Union, Barrister Innocent Nwanosike, a representative of Okakwu Odekpe, Chief Amechi Ugboma, the donor's Uncle, Chief Patrick Obah and her Mother, Princess Aghasinweze Obah, expressed joy for witnessing the occasion, describing Princess Helen as a philanthropist who took after her late father and called on other good-spirited individuals to assist in promoting education in Odekpe by floating free education and scholarships for children. The Headmistress of the School, Mrs Elizabeth Obiora and the Organizer of the event, Mrs Loveth Obah, who commended the donor for her magnanimity, promised to ensure maximum use of the chairs and desks. Highpoints of the ceremony include presentations by the Pupils of Odekpe Central School and cutting of tape by the representative of the ASUBEB Chairman, Mrs Okeke. 
Nnobi Community Celebrates Olulu Idemili Festival
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-19 06:57:31CategoriesState For Nnobi town in Idemili South Local Government Area of the State, “Olulu Idemili” festival is one held sacred and dear, as it signifies the beginning of new yam festival. Correspondent Ifeoma Okigbo witnessed this year's festival and reports that dignitaries from all walks of life and various ethnicity were in attendance to pay annual homage to ldemili goddess with varieties of gifts. The Chief Priest, Chief Okechukwu Ezeama the 12th said the annual event which marks the beginning of new yam festival, also offers opportunity to give thanks for prayers answered. It is believed that the first Chief priest, Chief Okoye Ugulu lived for decades. Contributing, one of the custodians of Nnobi culture, Chief Anthony Okeke explained that the event billed for 31st July will feature display of new yam tubers at Isi-Ana Nnobi Compound, after which people can start eating new yam. While highlighting the gains of the festival, Chief John Ojukwu, who is the Isi Ana Nnobi, Chief Okwudili Ofodile and Mr Chukwuemeka Umeaghaga advised people to embrace culture and not allow it to die. Various cultural troupes and masquerades from neighbouring towns added glamour to the “Olulu Idemili” festival. 
Maiden Edition Of Entrepreneurship Development Workshop Ends At Ekwulobia, Aguata Council Area
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-19 06:48:44CategoriesState The Maiden edition of Entrepreneurship Development Workshop organised by Ugonmuta Foundation for Educational Development, in collaboration with the Catholic Youth Organization of Nigeria, CYON, for youths in Ekwulobia Diocese, has ended with a call on them to embrace hard work and artisanship for a meaningful life.   The workshop held at Saint Joseph's Cathedral premises Ekwulobia, Aguata Council Area, with the theme: “Entrepreneurship Development, Prospects and Challenges For Nigerian Youths” attracted resource persons including  Dr. Oliver Ezeobi, Comrade Okey Nwuche and Mr. Philip Okafor, who exchanged knowledge with the youths on “Guides for successful Entrepreneurship in Professional Ventures”, “Harnessing Your Entrepreneurial Skills set” as well as “Opportunities in Agro-allied Ventures For Youths”.   In her remark, the Chairperson of the occasion, Professor Oby Okonkwor of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, who recalled the numerous supports the Foundation had given to people earlier, charged the youths to take full advantage of the workshop to better their lives.  On his part, the Founder/Chairman, Board of Trustees of Ugonmuta Foundation, Professor Francis Okafor, disclosed that the workshop will be an annual event in order to affect more lives, describing youths as societal driving force.   While thanking the Ugonmuta Foundation and the Church for the opportunity, on behalf of others, the Ekwulobia Diocesan CYON President, Mr. Louis Nwokike, promised that they will put to practice all they garnered at the event in order to create wealth and become employers of labour.   Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the Traditional ruler of Ekwulobia, Igwe Emmanuel Onyeneke was represented by Ichie Cyprian Ezeofor at the event, attended by youths from the ten Deaneries in Ekwulobia Diocese. 
Anambra Former Governor Etiaba Felicitates  With  Anglican Primate  Archbishop Henry Ndukuba @ 60
AuthorEMMA MADUDate2021-07-19 06:39:33CategoriesState A Former Governor of Anambra state, Dame Virgy Etiaba, has described the Archbishop Metropolitan and Primate, Church of Nigeria Anglican Communion, Most Reverend Henry Ndukuba as a visionary man of God with numerous missionary accomplishments.   Felicitating with Archbishop Ndukuba on his sixtieth birthday, Dame Virgy noted that the Primate has continued to use his position to render sterling service to God and humanity.   Dame Virgy, who is the first female Governor in Nigeria, urged Anglican faithful in the country especially Archbishops and Bishops to give necessary support to the Anglican Primate, to enable him achieve more for the Christendom.   She expressed satisfaction with the quality of Anglican priests across the country and solicited more support for their training institutions.   The former Governor prayed God to continue to equip the Primate, Archbishop Ndukuba and grant him longevity with good health to be able to advance the Anglican Communion in the country under his watch. 
Anambra Govt Commences Recruitment Of 500 Teachers Into Primary Schools
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-19 06:37:07CategoriesState Anambra State Government has commenced recruitment of five hundred teachers into primary schools across the state to enhance teaching and learning.   The Chairman, Anambra State House of Assembly committee on Basic Education, Honourable Ejike Okechukwu disclosed this during an interactive session between the committee and Head Teachers in Aguata Local Government Education Authority held at the Anambra State House of Assembly, in Awka.   House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim, was there and reports that while addressing the Head Teachers, Honourable Okechukwu explained that the recruitment exercise would fill the gap created by some primary school teachers who have retired from active service and improve the standard of primary education in the state.  The legislator assured the Head Teachers that all the challenges they outlined hindering the progress of primary schools across the state would be tackled to the barest minimum, to uplift the standard of education in the state.   He encouraged them to remain dedicated to duty and shun all forms of sharp practices that could portray the state in bad light.   In her remarks, the Education Secretary, Aguata Local Government Education Authority, Lady Ijeabalum Obi, commended the state government performance in education sector, adding that the meeting provided an avenue for them and the committee to brainstorm on ways to sustain the state's legendary performance in education and tackle issues bordering on teachers welfare.   In a vote of thanks, Mrs. Ebere Nwankwo from Eziagulu Primary School, Ekwulobia, thanked the committee for living up to expectations, assuring that they will follow the directives of the legislators. 
Awka Anglican Diocese Marks Maiden Harvest Thanksgiving, Recognition Of Diocesan Auxiliary Ambassadors
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-19 06:33:55CategoriesState The Archbishop, Ecclesiastical Province of the Niger, Most Reverend Alexander Ibezim says gratitude, thanksgiving and obedience to God's words remains the best instrument for achieving success.   Most Reverend Ibezim stated this at the Cathedral Church of Saint Faith, Awka during a special service to mark the Maiden Diocesan Harvest Thanksgiving and Recognition of Diocesan Auxiliary Ambassadors.   Religion Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye attended the service, and reports that the Maiden Diocesan harvest thanksgiving celebration was to show appreciation and thanksgiving to God for his mercies and grace upon the Archbishop, the laity in Awka Diocese and the Province of the Niger, as well as the clergy in the eighteen Archdeaconries in Awka Diocese.   Most Reverend Ibezim who is also the Bishop of Awka Diocese, in a sermon titled “Thank You Lord”  noted that the Diocese  has continued to record massive elevation, progress and developmental projects as well as mission works and planting of new churches.   He said that because the Diocese believes in God, things turned out to be great, and warned the congregation not to put their faith in people rather in God.  The Archbishop maintained that God keeps every promise, lifts those who are weighed down, and charged the Auxiliary Ambassadors to put the Diocese in a lime light, be their voice as well as represent them at any time .   Speaking shortly after the service, two of the Auxiliary Ambassadors, Sir Chris Chikwelu and Sir Emmanuel Nwosu disclosed that they were called to expand the gospel, reach out to people and ensure that the mission work moves to all the nooks and crannies of the society.   The President, Mother’s Ministry, Province of the Niger, Mrs Martha Ibezim, the Diocesan Chancellor, Justice OJ Okeke and other members of the legal team as well as the Diocesan Director, Media, Communications and Research, Dr Emeka Odogwu were among those that attended the service which featured thanksgiving by Most Reverend Ibezim family, as well as other Churches led by their Archdeacons and mission Schools in the Diocese. 
Northern Christian Forum Lauds Obiano On Harmonious Coexistence
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-18 06:56:10CategoriesState The Northern Christian Forum, Anambra State Chapter has commended Governor Willie Obiano for maintaining peaceful co-existence in the State. The group gave the commendation when it called on the Anambra State Association of Town Unions, ASATU. Addressing the executive members of ASATU at Government House, Awka, the President of Northern Christian Forum, Mr Aberson Andrew extolled the leadership qualities of Governor Willie Obiano who he said has given them the privilege to live in the State without fear. Responding, the National President of ASATU, Chief Titus Akpudo said Governor Willie Obiano is committed to achieving peaceful co-existence, in addition to giving priority to security of life and property. Chief Akpudo advised them to keep championing peace and never indulge in anything that will bring choas in the State as he will relay their message to the Governor. Contributing, the Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Project, Mr Jeffery Uba encouraged the group to remain focused, resolute and steadfast. 
Security: Anambra CP  Meets Heads Of Security Agencies
AuthorANAMBRA POLICE COMMANDDate2021-07-18 06:54:03CategoriesState The Anambra State Commissioner of Police Mr Chris Owolabi has held an emergency meeting of all Head's  of security agencies in the State, aimed at stemming attacks such as the one which led to deaths of some individuals at Eke Agu Market square, Abatete in Idemili North local Government Area recently. Anambra State Commissioner of Police, who spoke shortly after the security meeting, confirmed that five persons including two police officers and three civilians, died in the incident. He noted that the security meeting was to deliberate on how to stem such attacks in the future and also to put in place strategies for protecting the entire residents of the State. The security meeting held at the Police Headquarters, Amawbia, was attended by heads of all the security agencies in the State including, the Army, Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Department of State Services, and Immigration. 
Anambra Govt Distributes Farm Input To Farmers In Ekwusigo, Ihiala Council Areas
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-18 06:52:35CategoriesState Farmers in Ekwusigo and Ihiala Local Government Areas have received their share in the ongoing distribution of farm input to farmers across Anambra state through the state Ministry of Agriculture.   Correspondent Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that input distributed to the farmers were, cassava stems, maize, tomatoes, liquid fertilizer, and okro.   At Ekwusigo council area, input was distributed to farmers as planned by the state Ministry of Agriculture, while in Ihiala, distribution of the input was postponed to next week as turn up of farmers in the area was very poor.  The Leader of the input distribution team from the Ministry of Agriculture, Mr Joseph Igbokwe, explained that the gesture was part of Governor Willie Obian’s led administration efforts towards ensuring food security in Anambra state, and encouraged Ndi Anambra to venture into agriculture, as it is the surest way out of poverty and food scarcity in the state and Nigeria at large.   Receiving the input on behalf of Ihiala people, the Chairman of Ihiala Local Government Area, Mr Jude Obi, thanked Anambra state government for counting his local government worthy for the largesse, and promised to make sure that no farmer is left out during the distribution of the items, even as he appealed to the Ministry of Agriculture to fulfill its promise of adding bags of rice seedlings to their own input.  Ekwusigo Farmers who spoke to the ABS including Mr Cyprian Udeagbala, Mrs Chibugo Nwuba, and Mr Emeka Iguilo thanked Anambra state government for remembering them in this farming season and expressed hope that the input will help them in no small measures to farm for both consumption and commercial purposes.   Ihiala Farmers, Mr Augustine Ebigbo and Mrs Veronica Onyeme, while appreciating Governor Willie Obiano for the gesture, called for equitable distribution of the input in the area, as they alleged that most farmers could not receive any of the items in the previous distribution exercise as they were inequitably shared. 
Today is Nelson Mandela International Day
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-18 06:50:01CategoriesNigeria Nelson Mandela International Day was launched in recognition of Nelson Mandela’s birthday on eighteenth July 2009, through unanimous decision of the United Nations General Assembly in recognition of Mandela’s values and his dedication to the service for humanity in conflict resolution, race relations, promotion and protection of human rights, and reconciliation. Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that Nelson Mandela was a South African freedom fighter, who lived between eighteenth July 1918 to fifth December, 2013. He actualized his goal through diplomacy and without bloodshed, and was inaugurated as South Africa's first democratically elected President on tenth May, 1994, and later stepped down in 1999 after his first term in office. The international day is more than a celebration of Madela’s life and legacy, it is a global movement to honour his life’s work and to change the world for the better as the UN resolution also acknowledged Nelson Mandela's contribution to the struggle for democracy internationally and the promotion of a culture of peace throughout the world, gender equality and the rights of children and other vulnerable groups, the fight against poverty, and promotion of social justice. Speaking on the essence of the day, the President of a Non-governmental Organisation, Mr Lawrence Onuzulike while describing Nelson Mandela as a leader worth emulating, called on representatives of people in Nigeria, especially those from the South East zone, to be good representatives of people's opinion in order to enthrone a peaceful society. On his part, a Stakeholder in Awka, Comrade Obi Ochije-Modilim while commending the approach employed by Nelson Mandela in securing freedom for people of South Africa, called on freedom fighters in Nigeria to emulate the great Mandela and avoid actions that could cause bloodshed. In  various interviews, an Awka resident, Mrs Anulika Epundu-Okonkwo, and her Onitsha counterpart, Mrs Chisom Agu, regretted the rate of killings in Nigeria in recent times, and called on government at all levels to dialogue with various freedom groups in the Country, in order to put an end to the incessant killings and destruction of lives and property. 
Sports Ministry Partners UNESCO In Fight Against Doping By Athletes
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-18 06:47:53CategoriesNigeria Sport The Federal Ministry of Youth and Sports Development is to partner with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation, UNESCO to step up the fight against doping by athletes.   Speaking during a courtesy call on the Minister of Youth and Sports Development Mr Sunday Dare, the Nigerian Ambassador to UNESCO, Hajiya Hajo Sani commended the Minister for his innovations and sustained efforts that has been yielding results, and promised to ensure that sportsmen and women compete clean in all competitions in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and beyond, by not taking any substances that violate rules of Sports  Responding, the Minister said the meeting  is coming at the right time since it is few days to the commencement of the Tokyo Olympics, adding that the Ministry seeks partnerships and collaborations with any organisation that is Youth focused so as to keep availing Nigeria youths their benefits.   Mr Dare said through the years of preparation for Tokyo 2020 Olympics, the Ministry’s emphasis has been on the need to have clean sports just as they have been charging the Athletes to compete fairly and clean without using any banned substances. 
ASHIA Commences Renovation, Reequipping Of Dental Complex AT  Onitsha General Hospital
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-18 06:45:32CategoriesState The Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, ASHIA, has commenced the renovation and re-equipping of Dental Complex, at Onitsha General Hospital   The Executive Secretary of the Agency, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi, made this known when he inspected the ongoing renovation works at the Dental Complex in Onitsha General Hospital which the scheme is fully undertaking.   Dr. Onyemaechi explained that Governor Willie Obiano's vision for setting up, ASHIA, is to give quality and affordable healthcare to Ndi Anambra, and they want to achieve it through robust funding mechanism to ensure that the routine cycle of funding through budget processes do not prevent the implementation of healthcare delivery in the state.   The Executive Secretary who is also the Special Adviser to the Governor Obiano on Health, pointed out that the scheme entered into social contracts with managements of public healthcare facilities in Anambra state on how best to utilize funds accrued to them through the capitation rates and others.  Dr. Onyemaechi revealed that the agency partnered with the management of General Hospital Onitsha and utilized the funds generated to remodel the Dental Complex that would serve as a regional reference centre.   According to Dr. Onyemaechi, the agency has provided solar energy powered lights, vehicles, hospital equipment among others to some general hospitals in the state.   The Dental Complex which is expected to be completed in about three weeks’ time has three well equipped theatre units, dental technology laboratory, X-ray room, recovery room and it is also compliant with the standards of the disabled persons community. 
Ezewuzie Asks Persons With Disabilities To Participate Actively In Continuous Voter Registration
AuthorCHIBUZOR OKOYEDate2021-07-18 06:43:47CategoriesState The Special Adviser to Governor Willie Obiano on Disability Matters, Barrister Chuks Ezewuzie has called on persons living with disabilities in the state to participate fully in the ongoing continuous voter registration exercise in Anambra state.   Barrister Ezewuzie who made the appeal while speaking to the ABS in Awka, charged their members to utilize the opportunity to register, transfer voter cards, recover lost or damaged voter cards, as well as correct all sorts of errors in their previous voter cards.   The Special Adviser reminded them that voter cards remain the only tool they will use to vote for candidates of their choice in any election, both in the Local Government, State or at Federal level.   Barrister Ezewuzie who commended Governor Willie Obiano and his wife, Dr. Ebelechukwu for their love and care for persons living with disabilities in Anambra state, promised that their members will continue to give the Obiano led administration the maximum support it requires to excel at all times.   He further informed their members in the State who need any form of help to register in the ongoing voter registration exercise to call on the office of the governor on Disability Matters for assistance. 
Traditional Ruler Of Enugwu-Ukwu Igwe Ekpe Urges Schools In Southeast Zone  To Promote Teaching, Learning Of Igbo Language
AuthorONYINYE AGUBAEZEDate2021-07-18 06:41:40CategoriesState School Authorities in the South-East geopolitical zone have been urged to give priority to the teaching and learning of Igbo language and culture to save them from extinction. The Traditional ruler of Enugwu-ukwu in Njikoka Local Government Area Igwe Ralph Ekpe made the call when students and pupils of Frankstar Group of Schools Amawbia in Awka South Local Government Area visited him.  Addressing the students, Igwe Ekpe expressed happiness over the beauty of the Igbo culture displayed by the students, stressing the importance of one getting acquainted with his culture to ensure preservation. He equally commended the effort of the proprietor of the school, Mr. Frank Okafor, for seeing the importance of exposing the students and pupils to the Igbo tradition. In a vote of thanks, the proprietor Frankstar Group of schools, Mr. Frank Okafor, while assuring that his institution will make more effort to ensure the preservation of the Igbo culture by making the Igbo speaking day twice a week, appreciated Igwe Ekpe and members of  his cabinet for the warm reception.  Two students of the institution, Master Michael Ngene and Miss Abundance Johnson, who expressed satisfaction towards the experience, thanked their proprietor, headmistress, and their teachers for exposing them to their cultural heritage. Cultural displays and a visit to the Nri museum formed the highlights of the event. 
FG Bars Radio, TV  Stations From  Reporting In Details Attacks By Bandits, Terrorists
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-17 08:22:51CategoriesNigeria The federal government has ordered radio and television stations in Nigeria to henceforth, cease from reporting details of attacks by bandits and terrorists. In a letter titled ‘Newspaper Reviews and Current Affairs Programmes: A Need For Caution’ and signed by Francisca Aiyetan on behalf of Balarabe Ilelah, the Director General of the National Broadcasting Commission, NBC, the broadcast regulatory agency said that going forward, stations should also desist from naming victims of such attacks in order not to “glamourize the nefarious activities of insurgents, bandits and kidnappers in their reports. The commission advised broadcasters to apply caution in their reportage, saying that divulging too many details may have an adverse effect on the efforts of the Nigerian security agencies. It asked broadcast stations to be guided by provisions of sections 5.4.1(f) and 5.4.3 of the NBC Code, which states that the broadcaster shall not transmit divisive materials that may threaten or compromise the divisibility and indissolubility of Nigeria as a sovereign state. And in reporting conflict situations, the broadcaster shall perform the role of a peace agent by adhering to the principle of responsibility, accuracy and neutrality. 
Eid - el- Kabir: FG Declares Tuesday And Wednesday Next Week Public Holiday
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-17 08:20:00CategoriesNigeria The Federal Government has declared Tuesday and Wednesday as public holiday to mark this year’s Eid-el-Kabir celebration. The Minister of Interior, Mr. Rauf Aregbesola, also urged Muslims to use the period to pray for peace, unity, prosperity and the stability of the country. This was contained in a statement by the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Interior, Dr. Shuaib Belgore. The Minister assured Nigerians that the regime of President Muhammadu Buhari was committed to the security of lives and property of every Nigerian, empowering the citizens for successful living, providing social investments programmes and adequate security in the schools, especially with the spate of innocent school children being targets of kidnapping.” 
Anambra State Govt Marks World Skill Day In Awka, Tasks Youths On Entrepreneurship
AuthorKENECHUKWU CHUKWUDIDate2021-07-17 08:18:13CategoriesState Anambra State Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Professor Theresa Obiekezie has urged youths to be creative entrepreneurs by providing solutions to societal and environmental challenges. Professor Obiekezie, who gave the advice while commemorating World Skills Day celebration in Awka, noted that they will in turn, reap economic benefit from it.  Correspondent Kenechukwu Chukwudi  reports that in her remark, Professor Obiekezie noted that the day focuses on the importance of equipping the youths with skills to become entrepreneurs in order to live a decent life. She revealed that the state government through concerted efforts has empowered over five hundred youths with different skills, including start up kits and Trade Test Certificate from the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment. The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Mrs. Luisa Ezeanya said with the rising unemployment rate, the government thought it wise to empower the youths to bring about ingenuity, advising them to always be on constant improvement of their skills.  The resource persons, including Dr. Ik Ume and Dr. Azubuike Aniedu, who took participants on branding, management and how to grow their business, asked participants to think out of the box and focus on product quality, service delivery and honesty. Some of the participants, including Miss Chisom Nwanga, who is into confectionaries and Mr. Chidiebele Anabogu, who is a shoe maker, expressed happiness for the gesture and thanked the government for keeping to their words, as the skills have enabled them to improve themselves and help others thereby reducing the level of unemployment. World Skills Day celebration, which has its theme as "Reimagining Youth Skills Post-Pandemic" featured musical performance and formal presentation of Trade Test Certificate to beneficiaries. 
Soludo: APGA National Chairman Oye Urges INEC To Uphold Electoral Act, Rule Of Law
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-17 08:14:12CategoriesPolitics The national chairman of APGA, Chief Victor Oye, has urged the INEC to stand firm and resist any pressure not to do what is right about who is APGA candidate in the November sixth, 2021 Anambra State Governorship Election. In an Open letter he addressed to the INEC chairman, Chief Oye said there was no need questioning the fact that he remains the only legally, legitimately and constitutionality-recognized national chairman of APGA, pointing out that Jude Okeke can never call the NEC meeting of the party talk more of removing him from office. According to him, Article thirteen of APGA Constitution 2019, says it is only the national chairman that is authorized to convene the meeting of NEC, NWC and National Convention and wondered who authorized the convening of the Jude Okeke’s meeting of June fifteenth, 2021 in which the national chairman was purportedly removed. Chief Oye said that the Jigawa Court, which INEC appears to be relying upon lacks jurisdiction to entertain the matter that had its origin in Awka. The APGA national chairman said the party followed laid down procedure to produce its candidate, Professor Chukwuma Soludo, and urged INEC to write its name into posterity by doing what is right, that is, reflecting Professor Soludo's name on the list. Chief Oye wondered why INEC did not consider the fact that there is a motion for stay of execution of the Jigawa judgment, just as there is a contrary order of Federal High Court, Awka for INEC to accept the APGA candidate that emerged from the APGA primary held on June twenty-third, 2021 in Awka. According to his argument, deadline for receipt of nominations was ninth July, 2021, pointing out that if INEC had obeyed the Electoral Act, Soludo’s name ought to have been published last week, as the party submitted his name for upload since July second. 
Anambra Governorship Election:  More Support Groups Root For Soludo
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-07-17 08:09:11CategoriesPolitics State Despite the initial setback occasioned by yesterday's publication of list of candidates and their running mates for the November sixth gubernatorial election by the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, which failed to recognize Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the candidate of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, different support groups are still mobilizing support for the former Nigerian apex bank boss turned politician. One of such support groups is the Academics and Students Forum of the Soludo Support Group, inaugurated yesterday in Awka.  Correspondent David Okpokwasili reports that the academics and students are drawn from all the campuses of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Federal Polytechnic Oko, Anambra State Polytechnic Mgbakwu, Nwafor Orizu College of Education Nsugbe, Federal College of Education Technical Umunze, University of Nigeria Nsukka and from other tertiary and higher institutions in Anambra State and different parts of Nigeria. The convener of Soludo Support Group, Mr. Chinedu Nwoye said support for Professor Soludo is support for a better future for Ndị Anambra, noting that their principal has the capacity to lead Anambra State to  the future that will fulfill the dreams of present and future generations.  Mr. Nwoye, who is also the chairman, All Soludo Support Groups, asked the supporters not to be dismayed by the temporary setback caused by the Court Order issued to INEC, but to continue to support him as the matter has been appealed against at a higher court. In an opening remark, the coordinator of the forum, Professor Arinze Chinweuba described Professor Soludo as a blessing to Anambra State and Nigeria, who was spectacular in rejuvenating the economy in Nigeria when he was at the helm of affairs of the Central Bank of Nigeria. Professor Chinweuba said the group is to mobilize students, academics, and other stakeholders in the academic community, who share in the developmental vision and mission of Professor Soludo. Other leading members of the group including Professor Nkiru Orji, and the local government coordinator of Soludo Support Group, Ihiala Local Government Area, Chief Ifeanyi Orjiakor said it was necessary to involve those in the academic sector as education is a very important part of the society. Some of the coordinators, including the zonal coordinator, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Dr. Chigozie Ntomchukwu, pledged their commitment in carrying out the new responsibility bestowed on them. The inauguration and decoration of the campus and zonal coordinators of the Academics and Students Forum, Soludo Support Group were the climax of the event. 
INEC Publishes List Of Governorship Candidates, Deputies For Anambra Election
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-17 07:56:58CategoriesPolitics State The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC has published list of candidates that will carry respective party flags in the November sixth Anambra governorship polls. According to a press statement by the INEC National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education, Mr. Festus Okoye, the commission, among other things, considered and took cognizance of the Judgments/Court Orders served on it in relation to the primaries of the political parties and other processes leading to the election. Mr. Okoye said the commission will continue to act in consonance with the constitution and the law and will continue to obey the judgments and orders of courts served on it. According to the list attached to the release, Sullivan Akachukwu Nwankpo is the governorship candidate of the ADC; Emmanuel Andy Uba APC, Chukwuma Michael Umeoji APGA through Court Order; while no name is attached to the PDP column, as it is subject to Court Order, just as Ifeanyi Patrick Ubah is the candidate of YPP. The list has names of both the candidates and running mates of the eighteen political parties billed for the November polls. 
Stakeholders In Amanuke Community Awka North Council Area Seek Intervention Of Anambra Govt In Kingship Tussle
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-07-17 07:48:24CategoriesState Amanuke Community apex decision making body, made-up of respected elders known as Oke-Okpa Irunese" has called on Anambra State Government to intervene in the kingship tussle bedeviling the community. The body made the call during an enlarged meeting they held, where they sued for peace between the two brothers involved in the crisis, which degenerated  into a Court case this week.  Worried that the crisis will adversely impact on the age long image of the community as peace lovers and further wreak havoc on the fabrics of stability and tranquility in the area, the group called on the state government to quickly intervene in the crisis and save it from degenerating into a major conflict. Addressing the body, the oldest man in the community, who is also the Head, Oke-Okpa Irunese Amanuke, Chief Mokwugwo Ughanwa and another high ranked member, Emezie Nwokoye regretted that a traditional stool of the community was taken to court without proper investigation and consultation with traditionalists. They enjoined the state government to carry out dispassionate fact finding exercise and assessment of the cultural affairs of the community so as to be able to address the crisis, stating that the traditional stool of the town should be devoid of political sentiments even as they blamed the crisis on an influential man in the community, whom they alleged, is instigating the crisis.  Speaking on behalf of the women, Mrs. Gladys Enemuo and Charity Anaedozie while calling on the parties involved to come home and settle their differences, recalled how the election of the Igwe was carried out and wondered why an individual, who never participated in the exercise or showed interest will use the back door to interfere or change the decision of the people. For the youth wing of the town, who spoke through Mr. Ephraim Nwafor and Mr. Ikechukwu Ikechukwu the community has witnessed several threats and called on Governor Willie Obiano to send a delegation to the community to feel the true pulse of people and set up  a committee to look into the problem to avert further crisis as it has divided the community into factions. 
Sports Minister Dare Hosts ABS MD/CEO Nworah, Laments Lack Of Sporting Facilities In Nigeria
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-17 07:44:46CategoriesNigeria Lack of sporting facilities have been described as the bane of sports Development in Nigeria.
The Minister of Sports and Youths Development,  Mr. Sunday Dare, made the assertion when the Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service,  Dr. Uche Nworah paid him a visit in his office in Abuja.
The Minister said though there are sporting facilities around, he regretted that they  are not equipped or maintained hence the dire need to adequately equip them for sports development.

According to the Minister who was full of praises for governor Willie Obiano, every level of government has its own responsibility to make sports development faster.
Minister Dare, commended the Obiano led administration for being sports friendly, counting the police games and on going sports stadium project as huge investment that will accelerate sports development.
The Minister also commended the MD/CEO for his dogedness and innovations in the ABS.

Presenting the book on Governor Obiano, to the Minister, Dr Nworah said the minister's exploits in the Sports Ministry were  showcased in the victory by the basketball team at the pre-  Olympic games .
He said Anambra State government is doing its best in sports especially as the governor had set up a Sports Development Committee among other achievements.

The ABS MD said the essence of the book was to chronicle the governor's achievements during his time in office and leave them as lasting legacy for future generations.
Re: False Report in Saharareporters on Governor Obiano
AuthorJAMES EZEDate2021-07-16 07:13:31CategoriesState Our attention has been drawn to a story in Saharareporters.com alleging that the Governor of Anambra State, His Excellency, Chief Willie Obiano was involved in the plot to kidnap and repatriate Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) from Kenya to Nigeria. The general public is enjoined to disregard that story because it is totally false without the tinniest grain of truth. The governor of Anambra State had no hand in any plot against Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. It should be crystal clear to anyone that the Federal Government of Nigeria headed by Muhammadu Buhari as the President and Commander in Chief of the Nigerian Armed Forces, does not need the assistance of a governor who has no control over any security and intelligence architecture to do whatever it wants to do. The report is therefore a deliberate act of mischief that should be ignored by the general public. Thank you James Eze Chief Press Secretary to the Governor. 
Commentary: Umunna Social Construct In Igboland
AuthorUCHE NWORAHDate2021-07-16 07:11:03CategoriesColumnist Ndi Umunna, one’s kindred relatives, play a very important role in the kindred, community and village. In addition to one’s parents and immediate family, Ndi Umunna help to shape one’s worldview, serve as instrument for conflict resolution, and also propagate social justice.
In traditional Igbo society, decisions taken by Ndi Umunna are binding on the members of that particular Umunna. There are punishments for deviation. In extreme cases, punishment could be by way of ex-communication from all Umunna activities. Such severe punishment is to be avoided as it brings shame on one’s family. In such situation, no member of the Umunna will enter the compound of the person that has been ex-communicated, or partake in any ceremony such as births, deaths and other ceremonies in his compound.
Ndi Umunna also play very critical roles during traditional marriage ceremonies involving one of their daughters. During the introduction, bride price negotiation and other related activities, including traditional marriage proper, it is the Umunna, and not the father of the bride, that oversee the proceedings. Whatever conditions they give to the intending suitor is binding.
This has often been a source of conflict as some fathers may object to the long list of marriage items given to the potential in-law by Ndi Umunna, but in the end, through cultural diplomacy and subtle negotiation, Ndi Umunna do have their way. The powers Ndi Umunna wield is in line with Igbo worldview, that a child belongs to the community, not just to the parents alone. The parents, Ndi Umunna and entire community all contribute to the upbringing of the child. This is why some still bear names such as Adaora, Nwora, Okoroama etcetera in Igboland.
The oldest man usually heads the Umunna and he also enjoys certain rights and privileges. For example, breaking of kola nuts, pouring of libation and performing some other rites fall on him. He will be the first to take his share of kola nut, meat and other items at Umunna gatherings. In some communities, there are certain parts of a cow slaughtered by a man or family which must always go to the Umunna, failing which conflict arises. For example, in Enugwu-Ukwu, if you slaughter a cow in your house for any event at all, you must present the head of the cow to your Umunna, and the waist (ukwu anu) to the women.
In Igboland, the saying ‘remember the son of who you are’, extends beyond someone’s father. It extends to the Umunna as well. This is why, for instance, if a person has done noble deeds, his Umunna will quickly claim credit by saying ‘Osi na agbulu anyi, ezigbo agbulu’, ‘He is from our lineage, a noble lineage’. However, if the reverse is the case, and someone belonging to a particular Umunna brings shame to the Umunna by committing a crime and other anti-social behaviour, his Umunna will quickly denounce him and question his lineage, thus the question, ‘Omero ka onye si na agbulu anyi, meaning, ‘That is not the behaviour of people from our lineage’. Such a person could be accused of having found his way into that Umunna through the ‘back door; ‘Ajo nwa si owelle baa nne ya na afo’.
Once a male child comes of age, and becomes economically active, he is expected to officially identify with his Umunna by registering his name. He is also expected to contribute levies as and when due. Without doing this, he stands to lose his entitlements and will be regarded as a wayward person and ridiculed in the community as “efulefu”.
It is encouraged that any member of an Umunna who has found some success at work, business, school, and even marriage, and who has come to some good fortune such as surviving an accident or other life threatening conditions, celebrate such good fortune with the Umunna. This is done by slaughtering a cow, ‘Igbulu Ndi Umunna Efi’. Such a feast promotes kindred spirit, unity, togetherness, and conviviality.
An example of 'Umunna' social construct in Igboland could be seen in one of the Ummunna at Umuakwu village, Enugwu-Ukwu. Ndi Umunna gathered in their ancestral Obu; old and young, rich and poor, to share in equal measure a cow donated by one of them. The women did not partake as the men brought home the family's share. This was done over drinks, nkwuenu, beer etc.
Kola nuts were broken by the elders, libation poured, prayers said and stories of successes, failures and challenges shared. This is the unity that binds; a sense of community, love and 'Igwebuike'.
For things and times like these, Ndigbo journey from all over the world to their ancestral homes during festive seasons; to share, to commune, to recharge and to give thanks to Chi. This is who we are, Ndigbo.
Work Advances On  Anambra State Accelerated Agricultural Development Scheme Project Sites
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-16 07:07:50CategoriesState Anambra State Ministry of Agriculture has inspected a fish village at Adazi-Nnukwu, Anaocha Council Area. The fish village is one of the state government’s one point five billion naira Accelerated Agricultural Development Scheme's project sites. Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports other projects include another fish village at Aguleri, Anambra East Council Area, and Rice farms at Ndikelionwu and Ogbakuba, Orumba North and Ogbaru Council Areas respectively.  At Adazi-Nnukwu project site, construction of three hundred fish ponds, industrial borehole, fence, farm house, fifty-bed capacity hostel are ongoing, with seventy-five KVA power generator and twenty-five electric poles that are to be connected in due course. The state Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr. Nnamdi Onukwuba commended the pace of work at the site, noting that the Willie Obiano administration is determined to finish strong and encourage increased participation of Ndi-Anambra, especially youths in agriculture.  The Director-General, Project Management and Monitoring Office, Government House Awka, Mr. Obumneme Akunyili added that the visit will be regular to enable Government get values for fund being spent. The contractor handling the project, Engineer Edmund Chukwuemeka said the unscheduled inspection visit showed how serious the project is to the state government and promised to increase the speed of work in order to deliver on time.  The Permanent Secretary, Mrs. Stephanie Keri-Uzor, the Public Relations Officer and Senior Special Assistant to the Governor on Agriculture, Honourable Mike Afah, as well as other staff of the Ministry joined in the inspection visit. 
WHO Lauds Anambra On Response To Fight Against COVID -19 
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-07-16 07:04:30CategoriesHealth State The World Health Organization, WHO, has praised the Anambra State Government's response to the fight against COVID-19, saying the pro-activeness of the state is commendable and should be copied in fighting viral diseases. The Anambra State Coordinator of WHO, Dr. Chukwumuanya Igboekwu made the commendation at Primary Health Center Isiagu, Awka South Local Government Area during the flag off of the first round of the Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week 2021 by Governor Willie Obiano. Correspondent David Okpokwasili reports that according to official figures, sixty thousand persons have taken the first and second doses of COVID-19 vaccination in Anambra State. Dr. Igboekwu said the state government's holistic and quick response helped to reduce the incidence of the COVID-19 cases in the state, and its efforts were shown in the number of people, who have been vaccinated against the viral disease, calling on other state governments to copy the Anambra State model. The WHO state coordinator also commended the implementation of the Anambra State Health Insurance Scheme being carried out through the Anambra State Health Insurance Agency, stating that this scheme has made affordable health care available to Ndị Anambra. On his part, the National Federal Commissioner in charge of Anambra State at National Population Commission, Mr. Chidi Ezeoke asked Ndi Anambra between the ages of zero and eighteen to use the Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week to visit any of the primary health care centers in their communities to register birth and obtain their birth certificates. Mr. Ezeoke, who was represented by the State Director of NPC, Dr. Joachin Ulasi explained that more than five hundred health officials have been trained and empowered to register births and issue certificates during the exercise. The Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week started in Anambra State on Monday July twelfth and will end on Sunday July eighteenth in all the primary health care centers across the state. 
High Court In Awka  Remands Man In Police Custody For Alleged Impersonation Of Traditional Ruler
AuthorJOSEPH EGBEOCHADate2021-07-16 07:02:19CategoriesState Justice Nganjiwa Ajiya of the Federal High Court sitting in Awka has remanded one Chief Dennis Ezebuilo of Enugu Village Amanuke, Awka North Local Government Area of Anambra State in Police custody, pending hearing of his bail application.   Chief Ezebuilo was arraigned at the Court on three count charges bothering on impersonation of the traditional ruler of Amanuke, Igwe Alphonsus Ezebuilo, as against the decision of the Anambra State Government and inciting people against the Traditional ruler of the community.   Correspondent Joseph Egbeocha reports that the offences are punishable under section forty-two of the Criminal code Act, Cap C38 Laws of the Federation, 2004   In his ruling after listening to arguments from the Prosecution and Defense Counsels, Justice Ajiya adjourned the matter to 22nd July for hearing of bail application of the defendant.   Speaking to newsmen after the ruling, the Prosecution Counsel, Barrister Magnus Ezeakonobi of the Legal Department, Police Force Headquarters, Abuja, argued that the Court was right in remanding the accused, as according to him, Federal High Court, being a superior Court of record, cannot entertain bail application orally.   The Traditional ruler of the community, Igwe Alphonsus Ezebuilo, who said he was recognised as Igwe Amanuke on 12th July 2015, from when the contender, Chief Dennis Ezebuilo had continued to parade himself as the Igwe, explained that his silence over the matter would appear as willful connivance.   Also speaking, a former President-General of Amanuke Development Union, Pharmacist Paul Enemuo, who claimed he crowned Igwe Alphonsus Ezebuilo, and the incumbent Vice President-General of the community, Chief Charles Nnanwube, claimed the contender did not follow due process laid down by the Amanuke General Assembly.   On his part, a member of Amanuke community, Barrister Jonas Okolo, who said he chaired a Committee that screened and produced Chief Dennis Ezebuilo as Igwe Amanuke in 2014, blamed select individuals from the community for the feud, even as he appealed to members of the community to remain calm in the prevailing circumstances. 
Anambra Deputy Governor Okeke Receives Award Of Excellence For Selfless Service To Humanity From Economics Dept Of NAU 
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-16 07:00:31CategoriesState Department of Economics, Faculty of Social Sciences of Nnamdi Azikiwe Awka has honour the Anambra state Deputy Governor, Dr Nkem Okeke with an award of excellence in recognition of his selfless service to humanity.   Deputy Governor Okeke received the award during the third Staff Seminar of the Economics Department of Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka held at the department's hall.  the honour was in recognition of the contributions of the Anambra state Deputy Governor, Dr Okeke throughout his period in the department as the HoD before his political appointment.   Addressing the gathering, Deputy Governor Okeke who appreciated the Department for the recognition, harped on the need for parents to invest in their children's academic life, as he noted that quality education is the best weapon to conquer the world, pointing out that it is the debt that parents owe to their children.  Speaking, the Dean Faculty of Social Sciences, Professor Uche Nwogwugwu commended the Deputy Governor for being a good representative of the Department and the institution at all times, and encouraged the students to be serious with their studies in order to be relevant in time to come.   In her address, the Head of Economics Department of the University, Dr Ebele Nwokoye disclosed that they organized the event to recognize excellence that the Deputy Governor represents, and also to equip the students with knowledge that would make them employers of labour and not job seekers on graduation.  The event which featured series of paper presentations that focused on equipping the students with knowledge that would make them become self-reliant on graduation, also had in attendance the Branch Controller Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN Awka, Mr. Benedict Maduagwu, Head of Mass Communication Department of Unizik, Professor Chinwe Uzochukwu, among others.  
ASHIA Reassures Of Quality Healthcare Services To Ndi Anambra
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-07-16 06:56:40CategoriesState The Executive Secretary, Anambra State Health Insurance Agency ASHIA, Dr. Simeon Onyemaechi has reassured the agency's commitment to ensuring quality healthcare services to Ndi Anambra.   Dr. Onyemaechi, gave the assurance after visiting Onitsha General Hospital Dental Complex in Onitsha North Local Government Area to ascertain the pace of work.  Dr. Onyemaechi after inspecting the facility in company of the Chief Medical Director of the Hospital, Dr. Nnamdi Ikpelinwa alongside other staff, said the Dental Complex is fully funded by ASHIA, adding that the renovation of the facility, which started last year, will be completed and commissioned soon.   He noted that in line with the vision of Anambra state Governor, Chief Willie Obiano for quality healthcare to Ndi Anambra through a robust funding, the renovation of the facility is to enable the agency render comprehensive dental services.  While commending the Chief Medical Director of the Hospital, Dr. Ikpelinwa for efforts put in place in the refurbishing process, Dr. Onyemaechi assured that after the renovation, the facility will become a fully equipped dental complex that will serve as a referral centre for the south east region.   Restating commitment to adequately fund the out standing work of the facility, which will have four theater units, the ASHIA boss said the agency has provided ambulances for enhanced medical operation, while the facility will also take care of persons living with disabilities.  Reacting, Dr. Ikpelinwa, said the project is ninety percent completed and thanked the state government for making funds available for the project. 
FG Reassures Of Measures To Protect Students In Schools
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-16 06:50:18CategoriesNigeria Federal government says it is taking steps to ensure that students go back to school without fear of being attacked. The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Dr. Geoffrey Onyema, made the promise during his opening remarks at the pre-conference briefing on the fourth International conference on the safe schools declaration holding in Abuja later this year. The Abuja Safe Schools declaration conference which will be cohosted by the Nigeria Ministry of foreign affairs and embassies of Spain, Norway, and Argentina is to hold 25th through 27th October, 2021.  Dr. Onyema noted that Nigeria is the first African nation to host the conference since inception and would be sharing her experiences and plans in the efforts at ending attacks on schools as well as improve educational system in the country. The Ambassador of Norway to Nigeria, Mr. Lein Eiliv, said the essence of the declaration is to seek safe access to education across the globe aimed at protecting schools from harm. According to the Norwian Ambassador,  it is not enough for governments to make declaration,  but be ready for implementation and ensure access to education is a priority.  Other speakers including the Director International Organisations, Ministry of foreign affairs, Samson Itegboje, the Ambassador of Spain to Nigeria, Mr. Marcellino Anserena, Senior Policy and Strategy Adviser, Global Coalition to Protect Schools from Attacks, Ms. Abiola Sanusi, Dr. Yahaya Disu of NCDC, among others, called for collaborative efforts at ensuring that schools are protected even in times of war so that women and children who are the most vulnerable can have access to education. 
Senate Passes Electoral Act Amendment Bill, Powers NCC Power To Determine Electronic Transmission Of Election Result
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-16 06:45:11CategoriesNigeria The Nigeria Senate has passed the Electoral Act Amendment Bill.
The bill was passed for third reading after the Chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission Committee, Kabiru Gaya, presented a report at the plenary session.
One of the major issues in the legislation, was the electronic transmission of election results which almost tore the Senate apart that they resorted to voice votes to arrive at a consensus.
The voting which many say was along party lines, out of the one hundred and nine Senators, twenty eight voted yes, fifty two No and twenty eight others were absent.
The legislation which sought to repeal and re-enact the 2010 electoral act and has been under consideration for many years, in clause fifty two,/three, gave the Nigeria Communications Commission NCC, power to determine when to transmit election results electronically.
However in clause eighty eight of the legislation, the lawmakers tripled expenses for Presidential, Gubernatorial, Senate and House of Representatives elections by almost two hundred percent.
While pronouncing passage of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill,  the Senate President,  Ahmed Lawan, expressed hope that Nigerians would understand and appreciate the efforts of the Senate, saying that those who voted for or against the bill, did so out of conviction for what they believe to be best for the country.
He assured Nigerians that what the Senate did was to show concern and care for the divergent views of Nigerians about election process as they all want to see an all inclusive process that is fair, equitable and just for all irrespective of where one resides in the country.
The Senate President pledged support for INEC at all times, and prayed that the Bill will guide the twenty twenty three general elections as it will provide data for an improved electoral process.
Later, the spokesman of the Senate, Senator Ajibola Bashiru, who briefed the press saying there is need for further clarification to make the people understand better.
Commentary: Biography Of A Quintessential Mother, Ezinne Uche Iyiegbu
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-15 07:08:24CategoriesColumnist Ezinne Uche Iyiegbu was born on July 5, 1942 to the family of Mr. Lawrenceville and Mrs. Elizabeth Ibe, now late, of Uruagų Village, Nnewi. Uche was the first child and the first daughter in a large polygamous family. In her days, it was not common to give girls formal education, but her father, a Sanitary Officer in the colonial government of the Eastern Region, knew the value of education and saw things otherwise.
Like her heartthrob, Sir Alex, Uche grew up in Aba, which was the place of their birth and she had her primary and secondary education there. She attended the popular Comprehensive Secondary School, Aba. Subsequently, she became a teacher.
 Her posting brought her to same locality with dashing and debonair Alex, who was already a tutor at Notre Dame High School, Abatete. They wedded in 1969. This saw Uche relocate to Oba during the Civil War. She continued her teaching career after the war at Central School, Oba.
Her instincts and dispositions as a wife, mother and culinary expert were honed during this period. Uche became preeminent in her home engineering roles. She also had to contend with the increasingly busy social life of her husband and his commitment to the service of the Oba community.
Soon, she was known as Odozi for the excellent management of her home and her husband’s resources. Her home thus became an embassy of sorts for many from far and wide. No one came in without drinking from her milk of human kindness. She was a mother of all. She trained many in preparation for their future life, especially the girl-child.
As a teacher, Odozi was conscientious. Due to her dedication to duty, passion and excellence, she became the headmistress at three different schools: Bright Primary School, Umuokokpa Õba; Community Primary School, Umuogali Õba and Central School, Abõji, Õba and she managed each school excellently.
Mama’s interaction with her pupils, who continued to pay her homage long after school, their parents, her staff and the heads of communities where she served, was nonpareil. The schools she headed made noticeable strides in academics, infrastructural development and in sports, for which she often found inspiration from her sports-loving husband. She was a quintessential mother, teacher, mentor, friend and philanthropist.
Odozi Akaeze’s quest for constant improvement and advancement of her career, made her one of the earliest to enroll when the University of Nigeria, Nsukka commenced a holiday programme for serving teachers. The Diploma she earned from the programme further cemented her status as a teacher.
After she retired in 1996, Odozi was not tired. She partnered with Chief Mike Enumah, now late, to birth Giant Steps International School, Õba. She became the pioneer Principal and later, a consultant educationist to the school. Shortly after nurturing the school to dizzying heights, she retired from academics. She devoted the rest of her life to serving God and charitable work.
 In fulfillment of her Christian religious obligation, she was on pilgrimage to Jerusalem, earning the title of JP – (Jerusalem Pilgrim). She was also in South Africa and the United States severally. She was the Õgbųnechendo of the Iyiegbu clan far and wide. She lived a contented and pious Christian life. She supported her husband, Sir Alex Nnaemeka Iyiegbu, over 30 years ago, to pioneer the 7:00am English service at St. Paul’s Anglican Church, Õba.
In 1999, the couple was inducted into the Knighthood of Saint Christopher. Her home church, Good Shepherd Anglican Church, Abõji, Õba also conferred on her the title of Ezinne in August 2017.
Ezinne Odozi’s philanthropy was exemplary. As Ezinne, she had many people under her personal foundation, whose tuition she unfailingly paid.
Service of songs holds today at her compound, Aborji Oba. There will be funeral service tomorrow, Friday, July 16, 2021at Saint Paul's Anglican Church, Oba, followed by interment at her compound, Aborji Oba, thereafter, reception and condolences at Merchants of Light School field, Oba. Sunday, July 18, 2021 is outing service at Good Shepherd Anglican Church, Oba.
Ezinne Odozi Akaeze, your children: Sir Nnamdi Chu Iyiegbu, Mrs Ada Moore, Mr Ikenna Iyiegbu, Mr Obinna Iyiegbu, Mrs Nkechi Nuel-Eneh, two Sons in-Law, three daughters in-law, 21 grandchildren, family members, relations, colleagues, friends and well wishes are bidding you farewell.
WRITTEN BY SIR NNAMDI IYIEGBU
AU Condemns Violence In South Africa
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-15 07:05:09CategoriesForeign The African Union Commission, AU, has condemned the violence in South Africa that has left seventy-two people dead. Protests against the jailing of former President Jacob Zuma morphed into looting and destruction of property in some provinces. The AU commission Chairperson, Mr. Moussa Faki Mahamat, in a statement condemned in strongest terms, the surge of violence that has resulted in the deaths of civilians and appalling scenes of the looting of public and private property. Mr. Mahamat called for an urgent restoration of order, peace and stability in the country in full respect of the rule of law warning that failure to resolve the crisis would have grave impacts in the country and the region. The army was deployed to combat the violence and thousands have been arrested. 
Sports Minister Dare Congratulates D'Tigers On Victory Over Argentina
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-15 07:03:30CategoriesSport The Minister of Youth and Sports Development, Mr. Sunday Dare has again congratulated the Nigerian male basketball team, D’Tigers on their second straight Pre-Tokyo Olympics friendly win against World number four, Argentina. D’Tigers beat the Argentine team by a twenty-three-point margin to record their second major upset in three days. D’Tigers had earlier on Sunday morning defeated Team USA to become the first African nation to achieve such an incredible feat. The team will take on Australia in their final tune up game before jetting out to Tokyo for the Olympics. 
FGN/IFAD VCDP Commences Process Of  Insurance Premium Payment To 332 Rice Farmers In Anambra State
AuthorEBELE EZEHDate2021-07-15 07:00:56CategoriesState The state coordination office of the FGN/IFAD VCDP has commenced the process of paying insurance premiums   to three hundred and thirty-two Rice farmers, who benefited from the recently concluded input disbursement. The scheme, which is exclusive to Anambra State beneficiaries, will by next week begin the recording of the coordinates of the farms of the beneficiaries.  Ebele Ezeh  reports that the state Programme Coordinator, FGN-IFAD VCDP, Mr. Nnamdi Agwuncha said the payment of the insurance premiums is another measure to protect the millions of naira worth of farm input disbursed to farmers as a fall back in case of any disaster. Mr. Agwuncha, who spoke through the state Agric Production Officer, Mr. Emmanuel Chukwukwelu, announced this during further mobilization, sensitization and training of farmers on smart agricultural practices, NIMET and NAIC Interventions on adaptation and mitigation practices at Ogbaru and Ihiala council headquarters. He also announced their plan to establish one weather station at Ihiala for easy weather forecast, and encouraged farmers to always insure their farms.   The state Agro-Technician, FGN/IFAD VCDP, Mr. Ifeanyi Okoye, who noted that they have established a Rice and Cassava demonstration farms at Ogbaru as learning field, enjoined farmers to make best use of the Extension Agents for maximum results. In her lecture, the Anambra State branch manager, Nigeria Agric Insurance Cooperation, NAIC, Mrs. Sussan Agbala-Onyenwife unveiled that NAIC takes insurance cover for all food corps at two percent cost starting from germination to maturity level. Mrs. Agbala-Onyenwife disclosed that victims of last year's flood disaster have been fully indemnified. Later in an appreciation message, the Transition Committee chairman, Ihiala Local Government Area, Sir Jude Obi while applauding Governor Willie Obiano for attracting such Agric intervention program, appealed for the inclusion of more farmers’ cooperative societies. For some of the participants, including Mr. Obi Ezeani and Mrs. Agnes Nweke Rice farmers from Ogbaru and their Cassava counterpart from Ihiala council area, Mrs. Edith Ifeanyichukwu expressed strong willingness to continue to insure their farmers. 
Obiano Flags Off First Round Of 2021 Maternal, Newborn And Child Health Week At Isiagu, Awka South Council Area
AuthorDAVID OKPOKWASILIDate2021-07-15 06:49:59CategoriesHealth State Governor Willie Obiano has appealed to nursing mothers and pregnant women to make judicious use of the ongoing maternal, newborn and child health week currently ongoing in all the primary health care centres in the state to attend to their health needs and that of their children.   Governor Obiano made the call at Primary Health Center, Isiagu, Awka South Local Government Area during the flag off of the first round of Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week 2021 in the State.  Maternal, Newborn and Child Health Week 2021 which started in Anambra State on Monday July 12 and will end of Sunday July 18 is a bi-annual event targeted towards improving the health status of Nigerian women and children by increasing coverage of key maternal, newborn and child health interventions.   The interventions that will be covered include nutrition screening called mid upper arm conference, Vitamin A, Birth Registration, Family Planning, Long Lasting Insecticidal Treated Nets, Deworming, Ante-natal care, health education sensitization on key household practices such as hand washing, breastfeeding and Routine Immunization.   Governor Obiano represented by the Commissioner for Health, Dr. Vincent Okpala stated that the event is in keeping with the efforts by the state Government to provide standard, accessible and affordable health care at the primary health centres in the State.  He said this will help reduce the incidence of malnutrition and maternal mortality in the State.   Speaking at the event, the Executive Secretary, Anambra State Primary Health Care Development Agency, Dr. Chioma Ezenyimulu who said the one week exercise will help to take care of the health needs of the mother and child, also announced that sixty thousand people in the state have been vaccinated against COVID-19 while the second dose of the vaccination will commence next month.   On his part, the Chairman, Awka South Local Government Area, Mr. Leo Nwuba pledged the support of the council area for the policies of the State Government in the health sector especially at the Primary health care level.  The highpoint of the flag off exercise was the administration of vitamin A supplements to children under fifteen months by Governor Obiano flanked by Dr. Ezenyimulu and other top government officials and provision of health kits to pregnant women.   The wife of the Governor, Dr. Mrs. Ebelechukwu Obiano, and Secretary to the State Government, Professor Solo Chukwulobelu were represented at the event. 
Rotary Club Of Awka, NAU Inaugurates New Club Officers
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-15 06:45:37CategoriesState The Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, has inaugurated new club officers to run the activities of the association for the next one year.   The new club officers were elected in December 2020, during the club's annual general meeting but had to wait till July this year, which is officially the beginning of Rotary's annual calendar for 2021 year, to be formally inaugurated.   Correspondent Daniel Ezeigwe reports that to lead the club is Rotarian Abuchi Nwozor, the eleventh President of Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University, who was re-elected to lead in the same capacity as the twelfth president.   Also among the new club officers are Rotarian Ewa Ekpa who is the elected club's Secretary while Rotarian Christopher Okafor is the new Treasurer.   Speaking shortly before the formal inauguration of the new club officers, the past Assistant Governor of Zone Ten of Rotary Club, Rotarian Kalu Peters, noted that even though leading the association comes with immense responsibilities, being re-elected is a show of faith which must be commended.   On her part, the Assistant Governor Zone Ten of Rotary Club, Rotarian Ola Emegakor said that the performance of the eleventh leadership of Rotary Club of Awka, UNIZIK, of which Rotarian Nwozor was at its helm, did an excellent service and urged the members to give similar support to the new officers to achieve even better.   In his inaugural speech, the re-elected President of Rotary Club of Awka Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Rotarian Abuchi Nwozor, who thanked members of the club for the huge support during his first tenure which gave birth to a lot of achievements, promised to lead a stronger vision-driven administration in the next one year.   Past presidents of Rotary Club of Awka, Nnamdi Azikiwe University including Rotarian Ify Obi, Rotarian Osy Okafor and Rotarian Gab Ogbuozobe as well as other members of the association were present at the inauguration.   The new officers will exhaust a one year term that will end formally on June 30, 2022. 
Anambra State  Ohaneze President Udodeme Asks Community Leaders To Mobilize Members For Voter Registration
AuthorPAUL EZEOKEDate2021-07-15 06:43:25CategoriesState Communities have been urged to mobilize and sensitize their people to participate actively in the voter registration exercise . Speaking in Awka , the State President of Ohaneze Ndigbo, Prince Emeka Udodeme said this would ensure mass participation in the coming governorship election in the state. Paul Ezeoke reports that 
Prince Udodeme said continuous voter registration offers opportunity for those who have attained eighteen years to register and those who have relocated from other places can transfer their registration to the state.
He said the Ohaneze Ndigbo would soon start engaging candidates of the various political parties on issues that affect people and the state.
The Ohaneze Ndigbo state President reminded the political class that election is not a do or die affair and stressed the need for them  to uphold  the electoral guildlines and  constitution to avoid over heating the polity
He cautioned against recruitment of youths for political thuggery, noting that most  of the youths used in the past for political violence ended up as armed robbers and cultists who continued to hold the society hostage, urging parents to ensure strict monitoring of their children and wards while youths should avoid being willing tools in the hands of desperate politicians.
Prince Udodeme extolled Governor Willie Obiano for creating conducive environment for socioeconomic and political activities to thrive in the state.
Also speaking, the Anambra State Vice Chairman of APGA , Sir Theophile Nnoli said the registration exercise is another opportunity for people of the state to equip themselves properly to participate actively in the coming election, urging those who have attained eighteen years since the last election, relocated from other places , lost their voters cards or want to update information on their registration status to explore the present window, regretting that over the years the voting strength of the people of the state and southeast region has not reflected population and numerical strengthen of the state and zone.
Sir Theophile explained that voting power is the most effective tool in asserting political power and entrenching good governance as well  as having stronger voice negotiating national issues and affairs.
He urged INEC to commence early preparation  to provide necessary manpower and logistics for the Anambra governorship election to meet the expectations of the people.
Soludo Remains Our Candidate...APGA Chairman
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-14 08:01:14CategoriesNigeria Politics State The All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, has reaffirmed that its candidates for the November sixth Anambra State governorship election are Professor Charles Soludo and Dr. Onyekachi Ibezim as governor and deputy respectively. The National Chairman of the party, Chief Victor Oye, who reiterated this, when the Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, ABS, Dr. Uche Nworah paid a working visit to the National Secretariat of APGA in Abuja, said the party has already uploaded their names on the INEC portal as required. He enjoined ndi Anambra to embrace the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, so that the super structure foundation already laid in the state will be sustained. According to the National Chairman, what is playing out is man - made, designed to serve the selfish interest of some people. He maintained that there is no faction in the party as the processes that led to the primary were transparent. Chief Oye, opined that if ndi Anambra really want to enjoy life in full, they should embrace APGA wholeheartedly as no other political party can give what APGA is already giving and is willing to give them. He noted that Senator Chris Ngige laid the foundation of what is happening in Anambra State today, and APGA Governors starting with Peter Obi and then, Governor Willie Obiano sustained and surpassed the achievements with legacy super structures such as international conference centre, international airport and international stadium among others. The APGA boss who said the November sixth governorship election will be won by APGA unopposed, promised a robust and all inclusive electioneering campaign as the party hopes to be around for the next one hundred years. Dr. Uche Nworah, who had gone on a tour of the new party Secretariat, commended the National Chairman for a job well done saying he visited to ascertain the party's readiness for the forthcoming election and to present the book on Governor Obiano, a publication of the ABS to the National Chairman. 
MD/CEO ABS Chief Dr. Nworah Presents Book On Governor Obiano To APGA Leadership In Abuja
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-14 07:59:42CategoriesNigeria The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Anambra Broadcasting Service, (ABS), Chief Dr. Uche Nworah has presented copies of the book "Governor Willie Obiano seven years of delivering good governance in Anambra" to the leadership of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, in Abuja. Receiving the book, the National Chairman of the party, Chief Victor Oye, commended Dr. Nworah for his efforts in repositioning the ABS, saying that the station can be equated to CNN owing to the efforts of the Governor and ABS management.  According to him, the work is a great achievement since books are one of the things that mortalises a man and as such, should be supported by all. Chief Oye, said the transformation of the ABS is part of the motivations that moves him to strive for a better Nigeria. On his part, a former Minister of information, and Secretary of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, (APGA), Labaran Maku, hailed the success story of the Obiano - led administration saying his efforts will most likely take Anambra State higher than most states in Nigeria especially with the airport which he described as the best in the country.  The former Minister of information, said Governor Obiano built legacies that other governors can build on adding that in the next ten years, Anambra will become another Taiwan, China or Dubai that others states will emulate. 
Commentary: Creating Employment Through Foreign Direct Investment
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-14 07:56:31CategoriesColumnist To say that unemployment is one of the major economic challenges facing Nigeria today is merely stating the obvious. One could aver that, owing to failure of past federal governments to take due cognizance of critical variables in the economic planning and annual budgets, the country’s growth trajectory had not factored sustained creation of employment opportunities in all the sectors of the economy.
It is interesting to see that the present federal government has leveraged on the abundant agricultural resources in virtually all parts of the country to create massive employment through Anchors Borrowing Programmes and sundry incentives which have, no doubt, lifted millions of people from grinding poverty. The infrastructural deficit in the country as a result of insufficient attention by past governments had impacted negatively on the several sectors of governance which exacerbated the scourge of unemployment.
It is understandable that due to the dwindling crude oil revenues going by the vulnerabilities and shocks in the international oil market, the present federal government had no option than to resort to foreign loans to provide the needed critical infrastructures in the annual budgets which are expected to enhance sustainable socio-economic growth and development in real terms. This will lead to generating massive direct and indirect employment and growth of the Gross Domestic Product, GDP.
Closely related to the categorical imperative of critical infrastructures is the sustenance and attraction of more Foreign Direct Investment, FDI, which will not only lead to creating massive employment but the much sought-after technological transfer. To this end therefore, strenuous efforts should be intensified to curtail the spike in the seemingly intractable insecurity across the country; which, if not pursued vigorously and relentlessly, might lead to exodus of the foreign investors, thus worsening the unemployment scourge.
Unchecked insecurity, doubtlessly, has the potential of generating fear for the foreign investors who are desirous to invest in Nigeria due to the abundance of mineral and natural resources begging to be explored and exploited.
According a public policy analyst, Bassey Ekong, “in the last one-and-half decade, many foreign investors have exited Nigeria on account of the high cost of production, inefficient government policies, insecurity, decaying infrastructure and economic recession.
The most recent victim of Nigeria’s harsh operating environment was Africa’s biggest grocery retailer and the South Africa-owned chain of stores, Shoprite, which, few days ago, announced its exit from Nigeria after 15 years of operation”.
Another equally critical sector that needs immediate focus is the challenges of inadequate power supply which constitute largely to the spiraling cost of goods and services. Here lies the reality of diversification of the economy in practical terms which embodies the nation-wide clarion calls for the restructuring of governance which borders on massive devolution of powers from the exclusive legislative list to the residual legislative list.
Public policy analysts posit that Nigeria’s operating environment has become increasingly challenging to investors. While the Nigerian government has continued to make efforts to attract foreign investors, no deliberate efforts are being made to protect their investments.
Government’s failure to protect the foreign investors has exposed their investments to threats by government agencies and local investors. There is therefore urgent need to halt further exit of foreign investors as this will truncate Nigeria’s dream of creating job opportunities and growing its economy.
WRITTEN BY POLYCARP ONWUBIKO
Obiano Receives More Commendations On Good Governance, Infrastructural Development
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-14 07:53:10CategoriesState The Special Assistant to Governor Willie Obiano on community liaison, Chief Obi-Ochije Muodilim, says Governor Obiano has laid a solid foundation for socio-economic development of Anambra State. Speaking to the ABS in his office at the Government House Awka, Chief Ochije Muodilim said that Governor Obiano has through his oriented programmes and policies restored the hope and confidence of the people in governance. According to Chief Ochije Muodilim, the regular payment of workers salary and pension to retirees are clear indication that Governor Willie Obiano has the wellbeing of the people at heart. He called on the people of Anambra State to continue with their support and prayers to Governor Obiano to enable him finish strong as his administration is gradually coming to an end. Chief Ochije Muodilim used the opportunity to call on the citizenry to take full ownership of government facilities in their various areas against vandalisation. Contributing, a Chieftain of the All Progressives Grand Alliance, APGA, Chief Chinedu Nwoye described the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport at Umueri in Anambra East Local Government Area as a major legacy project of the Obiano administration that will go a long way in improving the revenue profile of the state, in addition to offering employment to the teeming youths. Chief Nwoye, who commended the leadership of APGA in Anambra State for conducting free and fair primaries that produced Professor Chukwuma Soludo as the party’s standard bearer for the November sixth governorship election, expressed optimism that Professor Soludo will consolidate on the legacies of Governor Willie Obiano, if giving the opportunity. 
Female Barbers Gain Ground In Awka And Environs 
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-14 07:37:54CategoriesState Female Barbers in Awka, Anambra State capital, have defied all odds to become major competitors in the male-dominated venture. However as a woman in a male dominated field, it is not just about haircut, it is an experience that is laddened with mix feelings. Correspondent, Blessing Dennis, spoke with some female barbers in Awka on how they are faring in the business. Gender preferring in many jobs in Nigeria is fast drifting away, as some women and men strive to  make a living irrespective of the nature of the job.  One thing that is obvious is that most times, men prefer their fellow men to cut their hair, but female barbers are also beginning to gain ground in a trade that has been presumed to be only for the menfolk. Speaking to the ABS, a female barber under apprenticeship in one of the barbershops in Awka, Miss Sofia Opara, who is also a graduate of the Federal Polytechnic, Oko, said that she loved the profession, and that it is nice working alongside men. She noted that some of the challenges facing female barbers are neglect, sexual harassment and rejection. Another female barber, Chinaza Njide said that she works hard to give customers a memorable experience each time she cuts their hair. She advised ladies not to wait for white-collar jobs when they have the chance of maximizing their talents. Some customers, including Messers Arinze Samuel, Chilomma Ezukwo, Ugochukwu Eze and Lilian Agu, expressed satisfaction with female barbers and urged men to equally patronize them. 
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-14 07:32:49CategoriesNews Female Barbers in Awka, Anambra State capital, have defied all odds to become major competitors in the male-dominated venture.
However as a woman in a male dominated field, it is not just about haircut, it is an experience that is laddened with mix feelings.
Correspondent, Blessing Dennis, spoke with some female barbers in Awka on how they are faring in the business.
Gender preferring in many jobs in Nigeria is fast drifting away, as some women and men strive to  make a living irrespective of the nature of the job.
One thing that is obvious is that most times, men prefer their fellow men to cut their hair, but female barbers are also beginning to gain ground in a trade that has been presumed to be only for the menfolk.
Speaking to the ABS, a female barber under apprenticeship in one of the barbershops in Awka, Miss Sofia Opara, who is also a graduate of the Federal Polytechnic, Oko, said that she loved the profession, and that it is nice working alongside men.
She noted that some of the challenges facing female barbers are neglect, sexual harassment and rejection.
Another female barber, Chinaza Njide said that she works hard to give customers a memorable experience each time she cuts their hair.
She advised ladies not to wait for white-collar jobs when they have the chance of maximizing their talents.
Some customers, including Messers Arinze Samuel, Chilomma Ezukwo, Ugochukwu Eze and Lilian Agu, expressed satisfaction with female barbers and urged men to equally patronize them.
Ohaneze Ndigbo  Urges Youths To Participate Actively In Voter Registration
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-14 07:29:34CategoriesState Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide has advised youths of Igbo extraction to take the ongoing voter registration exercise seriously as it is the only means that can guarantee effective participation in the nations polity.
  In a communiqué issued at the end of its meeting in Enugu, the Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide while identifying with Igbo youths on their grievances with respect to Igbo marginalization and menace of the Fulani headsmen, cautioned against the use of violence in addressing the relative deprivation and prevailing inequality and injustice across the country The Apex Igbo socio-cultural organization, called for the use of dialogue and negotiations in pressing home various demands. It thrown its weight behind the Southern Governors Forum on the anti-open grazing, restructuring, rotation of the President of Nigeria to the South in 2023 presidential elections, among others. Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide maintained that in its avowed determination to ensure the fair trial of Mr Nnamdi Kanu, it has constituted a legal team led by the legal adviser of Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide and eminent Igbo leaders to monitor the legal proceedings throughout the trial. The communiqué was signed by the Publicity Secretary of Ohaneze Ndigbo worldwide, Chief Chiedozie Ogbonnia. 
Anambra Assembly Invites Commissioners For Justice, Works, Chairman Civil Service Commission To House For Clarifications
AuthorCHUKWUEMEKA MODILIMDate2021-07-14 07:22:40CategoriesState The Anambra State House of Assembly has invited the State Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, her counterpart in the Ministry of Works, as well as the Chairman, Anambra State Civil Service Commission to the floor of the House, tomorrow, 15th July, 2021 during plenary for certain explanations. The resolution inviting the three stands on the ground that another resolution passed by the House shall be needed to re-authorize employment into the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport and the Ministry of Justice. House of Assembly Correspondent, Chukwuemeka Modilim was there and reports that the resolution was sequel to a motion of urgent public importance sponsored to that effect by the member representing Njikoka One Constituency, Dr. Timothy Ifedioramma during yesterday's plenary. The House resolved that the process of employment or  ongoing process of employment for the Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport and the Ministry of Justice be halted till the appearance of the said officers for clarifications. The Speaker of the House, Right Honourable Uche Okafor read out the resolution to the House, while the lawmakers supported it through a VOICE vote. In their remarks, the member representing Anaocha Two Constituency, Honourable Ejike Okechukwu and the member representing Njikoka Two Constituency, Dr. Pete Ibida noted that the ongoing recruitment requires input from the Anambra State House of Assembly before appropriate funds to government agencies will be allocated. The member representing Anambra West Constituency, Honourable Patrick Udeoba, his Dunukofia Constituency counterpart, Chief Lawrence Ezeudu, the member representing Onitsha North One Constituency, Honourable Douglas Egbuna and others also spoke in favour of the motion. 
Nimo Community, Njikoka Council Area Celebrates 'Alo Mmuo' Festival August 27
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-07-14 07:19:55CategoriesState The Traditional ruler of Nimo community in Njikoka Local Government Area,  Igwe Maxi Ike-Oliobi says the town has slated Sunday, 27th August, being Oye Market day, for the annual Iwa Ji  Festival known in the community  as “Alo Mmụọ” Festival. Correspondent Chibuzor Obidike reports that Igwe Ike-Oliobi announced this through the Traditional Prime Minister of the community, Retired Justice Godwin Ononiba, who was accompanied by members of Igwe in council and Ndi Nze na Ọzọ.  Outlining events scheduled for the 2021 new yam festival, Igwe Ike-Oliobi said that the preparation for  the annual event will start on Uka Nkwo, first August 2021 with “Ibe N’ Akwu Ozo” while Oye Market day, 27th August 2021 will witness the “iputa N’ Akwu Ozo” and “Izu oye”, which will herald the new yam festival proper. The Nimo Monarch said that 29th August, Ụka Nkwo, will summarize the ceremony with the hosting of visitors, friends, well-wishers, tourists, in-laws, as well as “Ndị Nwadiana” by individuals families at recreational centers, Market square and across the community. The Traditional ruler reminded all of the need to observed COVID-19 protocols and maintain law and order throughout the celebration, which will help to promote and appreciate farmers, as well as indigenes for their various contributions to the town.  Igwe Ike-Oliobi added that the festival will feature display of different cultural dances, attires, masquerades and yam competition that will portray and project the cultural heritage, peace and love that exists among Ndigbo and Nimo Community in particular. 
Godwin Maduka Rejects PDP Primary Election, Alleges Manipulation
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-14 07:10:41CategoriesPolitics Supporters of Dr Godwin Maduka's political ambition have urged him to adopt a new party ahead of the forthcoming governorship election in Anambra State. Dr. Maduka’s supporters, including the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, statutory and Ad-hoc Delegates, as well as card carrying members, who attended his recent political rally from the twenty-one Local Government Areas, said their principal was shortchanged in the party’s primary election. While addressing the crowd and members of the press, Dr. Maduka rejected the exercise and described it as primary selection by cabals who want to appoint a candidate they can influence for their interest. Some of the supporters who spoke to newsmen noted that Dr. Maduka would have won the PDP primary election  if the process was fair, adding that cabals in the People’s Democratic Party  have failed the party and the people. 
School Fees Protest: UNZIK Awka Sets Up Committee To Address Issues
AuthorVALENTINE MBADUGHADate2021-07-14 07:03:13CategoriesState Following the protest by students of the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Awka over alleged tuition fee increment, the Vice Chancellor of the institution, Professor Charles Esimone has assured of immediate action to resolve the matter. Professor Esimone, who addressed thousands of protesting students in front of the University’s library noted that Management of the institution   has taken note of their agitations and promised that the Governing Council will look into them with immediate effect. The Vice Chancellor further stated that the institution has set up a Committee to address the issue and pleaded with the students to give the Committee twenty-four hours to come up with a resolution that will be favourable to all the students. Professor Esimone who noted that the welfare of the students is the top priority of the University’s Management requested the students to send representatives that will be part of the Committee’s deliberations.  Some representatives of the students, including Comrades Chuks Egebe and  Joseph Okafor, while registering students'  grievances, pleaded with them to listen to the school authority and expressed hope that normalcy will return to the school after twenty-four hours. It was gathered that the protest, which began on Monday, was due to hike in school fee  from  twenty-six thousand three hundred naira to fifty-five thousand six hundred naira  for the old students, while new ones are meant to pay one hundred and two thousand naira  as against fifty-two thousand naira paid in 2018.  The students also complained of increment in acceptance fee, faculty dues among others. Correspondent Valentine Mbadugha reports that the protest, which has so far been peaceful, saw thousands of the students move around the University  premises displaying banners and placards with inscriptions such as “Reduce School Fees”, “Say No to School Fees Hike”, School Fees No Be Crypto”, “We Be Students, No Be Client”, among others. 
542,576 Nigerians Complete INEC Online Pre - registration Exercise After Two Weeks
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-14 06:58:49CategoriesState The Independent National Electoral Commission,  INEC,  has reiterated its commitment to deploying technology in enhancing the openness, transparency and credibility of elections and the electoral process in Nigeria. In an opening remark, during his meeting with Resident Electoral Commissioners, the National Chairman of the Commission, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, noted that with the introduction of the e -pre-registration of voters for the frst time in history, eligible citizens were given the opportunity to commence their registration online before completing the process physically at designated centres nationwide. He said that within two weeks since the commencement of the online pre-registration of voters nationwide, five hundred and forty two thousand,  five hundred and seventy six Nigerians have completed the online pre-registration out of which Anambra State had recorded eighteen thousand,  two hundred and fifty three registrations.  According to the National Chairman, four hundred and fifty six thousand, nine hundred and nine out of the number are fresh registrants while eighty five thousand,  six hundred and sixty seven have applied for voter transfer, replacement of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs), update of voter information record among others. He said the Commission also provided Nigerians with information on the distribution of registrants across the States of the Federation and by age, occupation, gender and disability which  senior citizens aged seventy and above recorded six thousand,  one hundred and eighty four. Prof. Yakubu noted, that the Commission had  requested registrants to indicate their disability, if any, to enable it optimally and efficiently deploy assistive voting devices such as Braille ballot guide and magnifying glasses for persons with special needs at polling units on election day adding that so far, they have received data for six thousand,  five hundred and fifty eight registrants who have clearly indicated their type of disability.  He assured every eligible registrant that there will also be an opportunity for physical or in-person registration at designated centres hence the plan to proceed systematically owing to security situation, there was activation of two thousand,  six hundred and seventy three registration centres and deployment of five thousand,  three hundred and forty six officials for the  in-person registration. 
Commentary: TONIMAS Lubricants And Safety On The Highways
AuthorABUCHI NWOZORDate2021-07-13 07:22:29CategoriesColumnist Tonimas Nigeria Limited, one of the leading lubricant manufacturers in Nigeria, was established in 1981 and incorporated in 1982 by an Anambra born business mogul, the late Dr. Anthony Obiagboso Enukeme OON Onowu Neni.
Though the founder of Tonimas Nigeria Limited is no more, all the achievements and legacies are being consolidated by the new management team, led by the new Managing Director, Chief Azubike Enukeme (Akuebube, Nwachinemelu) together with others. The team is working assiduously to ensure that Tonimas products remain what they are.
Tonimas, which is also an independent Marketer of petroleum products, has branches in all the thirty-six states of Nigeria and Abuja as well as some African countries with headquarters in Aba, Abia State.
Tonimas brands of lubricants are some of the products of the conglomerate. The Company has received Nigeria Industrial Standards certificate following its exceptional quality, high standards and international best practices. Its engine oil, for instance, has the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) Certificate, showing its exceptional quality. It has other worthy certifications.
Tonimas lubricants have been playing critical role in the operation of vehicles in Nigeria.  Its engine oil, transmission oil, greases and fluids, have been helping to reduce friction in vehicle parts. Tonimas highest quality auto lubricants are second to none. They enhance the longevity of vehicles. This is why the product is being recommended to motorists by stakeholders in transport sector.
Moreover, any vehicle serviced with high quality Tonimas lubricants can go anywhere. Using Tonimas quality lubricants also allows the vehicle to operate at ultimate efficiency and performance. This, no doubt, can help to lower fuel costs and more power. Taking care of a vehicle with Tonimas auto lubricants will save money in the long run. This is because a vehicle that is well taking care of will need fewer repairs. We must realize that using low grade auto lubricants can even cost one dearly, should an engine or transmission needs to be replaced.
In fact, there is an additional factor when it comes to Tonimas auto lubricants and that is the care that should be taken to replace them on a timetable recommended by the vehicle manufacturer. Regular engine oil changes, particularly those of Tonimas are critical.
For vehicle owners, properly formulated engine oil like Tonimas avoids costly repairs. Without the lubricant, the engine would quickly undergo serious damage. Tonimas quality engine oil reduces friction between parts and by cleaning the entire engine. Its engine oil prevents the engine from clogging and becoming damaged. With it, the engine, therefore, performs to a greater efficiency and its life span in increased.
Tonimas lubricants are essential to avoid serious mechanical damage in vehicles. In addition to engine performance, high-performance, Tonimas oil also reduces polluting discharges in the atmosphere. It is, therefore, extremely important to choose the oil that is suitable to ones vehicle and local climate conditions to enjoy all its benefits. This is where Tonimas lubricants come to play.
Tonimas oil also enhances engine sealing and more specifically, the sealing of pistons and cylinders. As fuel combustion generates corrosive acid that can damage metal parts in the engine. Tonimas lubricants slow down corrosion. The cleaning power of Tonimas oil is fundamental Microscopic deposits build up in the engine and remain in suspension. Without oil like Tonimas, the residue would clog the engine and decrease its performance.
Tonimas lubricants also work wonders. For example, the energy lost through combustion and the friction between mechanical parts causes the engine temperature to rise. But the lubrication provided by Tonimas engine oil helps to partly address the heat through the lubricant circuit. It supplements the coolant, which can only cool certain parts of the engine.
The Tonimas lubricants play many roles in allowing an engine to run properly over time. Their main role is to lubricate the moving parts of an engine, which are constantly in friction. It thus reduces friction which, if left unchecked, leads to increase parts wear and tear.
So, for durability, safety and road worthiness, Tonimas lubricant is the answer to all engine problems. Use Tonimas brand of engine oil today and be glad you did. Tonimas, Trust our name in materials and services!
National Planning Committee (NPC) for the Nigerian Institute of Public Relations (NIPR) National Summit On National Integration, Peace And Security Inaugurated
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-13 07:19:04CategoriesNigeria The Nigeria Institute of Public Relations, NIPR, says it is poised to convoking a citizens summit in response to the increasing number of agitations and cases of insecurity in the country. Presenting the concept document of the initiative in Abuja on Monday, 12th July, 2021 during the inauguration of members of the Committee, Dr. Ike Neliaku, said utilising the citizens approach to finding solutions to the problems of peace and security must be hinged on a well structured foundation as peace is a product.  He however cautioned that insecurity is also a product but must be jettisoned as the strength of any nation depends on its ability to safeguard the people. In a speech, the National president of NIPR, Mallam Muktar Sirado, said the essence of the project was to meet the urgent need of harnessing the diversity of the country based on equity, respect and love for one another. He said the war on insecurity can be won through citizens derived solution or by people to people conversation to restore confidence.  Other speakers on the occasion, including the National President of the Nigeria Union of journalists, Chris Isiguzo, the National President Traders Union, Ken Ukoha, the Director General of the National Orientation Agency, Dr. Garba Ogari, among others expressed worry that Nigeria is significantly divided along religious, tribal and political lines, calling for reorientation for a better Nigeria. The planning committee members of the project which is expected to begin in September was inaugurated at the event.  A member of the planning committee and Managing Director, Anambra Broadcasting Service, Dr. Uche Nworah, said the appointment is an opportunity to work for peace and security of the country. 
Women Of Awka Anglican Diocese Decry Incessant Human Trafficking, Task Govt On Proactive Measures To Tackle Challenge
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-13 07:15:03CategoriesState Women of the Anglican Diocese of Awka have lamented the incessant trafficking in human persons in Nigeria, saying the trend has continued because of high rate of unemployment. The women said unemployment makes young people vulnerable to different kinds of promises of greener pastures outside the country and called on the Federal and State Governments to take urgent actions to create jobs, encourage vocational training and skills acquisition in order to empower the youths.   These were parts of the resolutions at the just concluded thirty-fifth Diocesan Women's Conference held at Saint Marks Anglican Church, Aguluizigbo, Anaocha council area.   The resolutions contained in a fourteen point communiqué made available to newsmen in Awka also condemned the level of insecurity in different parts of the country and asked the Federal Government to enthrone equity, fairness and justice in the country as it seems the insecurity situation has been aggravated by people's perceived injustice to minority groups in the country.   The apex annual gathering of women of the Diocese also backed the resolution of the seventeen Governors of the Southern region of Nigeria in its ban against open grazing, stating that the measure will go a long way in addressing food insecurity and resolving the persistent clash between farmers and herdsmen.   They charged all candidates and political actors in the November sixth gubernatorial poll in the State to eschew bitterness and all forms of electoral malpractices that may lead to violence, and also emphasized the need for the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to ensure that the election is transparent, free, fair and credible.   The Conference specifically called on women to get their voter cards and be ready to participate fully in the forthcoming election in the State and other coming elections, so as to have a voice in the governance of the State and the country-Nigeria.   As COVID-19 continues to ravage the world, the conference equally encouraged members not to relent in obeying all safety protocols recommended by the Anambra State Ministry of Health and the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control in the fight against the pandemic. 
Newly Ordained Reverend Father Echezona  Mbaukwu Performs First Eucharistic Celebration At Ubuluisiuzo Ihiala Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL CHIGBATADate2021-07-13 07:12:36CategoriesState A day after his ordination by the Catholic Bishop of Nnewi Diocese, Most Reverend Dr. Hilary Okeke, Reverend Father Echezona Mbaukwu has performed his first Eucharistic celebration as a Catholic priest, at his home Church, Saint John the Baptist Parish, Ubuluisiuzo, Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra State.   Correspondent, Emmanuel Chigbata reports that Reverend Father Mbaukwu is the second indigenous Catholic priest of Ubuluisiuzo community, after thirty six years the first indigenous priest, Very Reverend Father Samuel Muodiaju was ordained.  Resplendent in Green Chasuble and flanked by two other priests, the newly ordained Priest  gathered with family members, friends and well-wishers to thank God for his successful journey to priesthood, with Priests from different parishes within and outside Nnewi Diocese, Council of Knights, Government functionaries and many other dignitaries in attendance.   In his homily, the Nnewi Diocesan Chancellor, Very Reverend Father Hyginus Aghauno, reminded the new priest that his mandates include teaching, governing and sanctifying the people of God, urging him not to relent.  Felicitating with the celebrant, the Parish Priest of Saint John the Baptist Parish, Ubuluisiuzo, Very Reverend Father Felix Umegboro, President-General of Ubuluisiuzo Progressive Union, Chief Sunday Mbaukwu, family of Sir Mentus Agba, who was instrumental to the success story of the celebrant, and the Deputy Registrar, Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Dr. Festus Ntomchukwu, enjoined him to be focused in his priestly calling and adhere strictly to the doctrines of the Catholic Church.   Also speaking, the Chairman, Parish Ordination Committee 2021, and Managing Director, Anambra Newspapers and Printing Corporation, Sir Chuka Nnabuife said the ordination of Reverend Father Mbaukwu as the second indigenous Catholic priest is a thing of joy for the community, while the Secretary of the Committee, Lolo Fidelia Obi, in an address, pledged total commitment to seeing their sons and daughters excel in God’s vineyard.  Mother of the celebrant, Mrs Regina Mbaukwu, his Sister, Mrs Chika Chukwuemeka and brother, Corporal Raymond Mbaukwu, who said they were highly elated, appreciated God for seeing their own through in his formation years despite challenges.   Expressing  gratitude to God for the rare opportunity to serve in His vineyard, Reverend Father Mbaukwu promised to uphold the teachings of Jesus Christ for the salvation of mankind.   Presentation of car and cash gifts to the new priest, cultural dance display and special renditions by the choir formed the highlights of the event. 
Federal Ministers Laud Anambra Govt On  International  Airport Project
AuthorEJIKE ABANADate2021-07-13 07:05:37CategoriesState The Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Zainab Ahmed and her Industry, Trade and Investment counterpart, Otunba Niyi Adebayo are in Anambra State for an official engagement.   Government House Correspondent, Ejike Abana reports that on arrival, the Ministers lauded Anambra State Government for the International Cargo and Passenger airport project located in Umueri, Anambra East Council Area.  The Ministers who are in the State for a scheduled event in Nnewi, landed at Anambra International Cargo and Passenger Airport, Umueri on  a Private Jet numbered 5N-BOD.   Anambra state Commissioner for Works, Engineer Marcel Ifejiofor, who was among those that received the Ministers at the airport said that the airport is beyond ninety percent completion, stressing that work is on top speed to beat the deadline given by Governor Willie Obiano for full flight operations.  Speaking to the media, the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Adebayo said that the landing was smooth and commended the State Government for making efforts to build such an important project.  The Ministers were later received by the Deputy Governor of Anambra state, Dr. Nkem Okeke at the Government House, Awka. 
Anambra Govt Partners Private Firm To Create Tourist Game Board
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-13 06:59:43CategoriesSport State Anambra State Ministry of Diaspora Affairs, Indigenous Artworks, Culture and Tourism has entered into a partnership with a private organisation to create a Tourist Game Board. The Memorandum of Understanding was signed in the Commissioner’s office at the Jerome Udoji Secretariat, Awka. The Commissioner, Dr Kenneth Anierobi said the partnership is aimed at creating a Game Board that would promote the culture and tourist attractions of the State, noting that players of the game will be able to learn the locations of tourist facilities in the State, while enjoying the game itself, which would be developed and made available to the public in no distant time. The Director and Chief Operating Officer of the firm, Mr Nonso Anyaegbu, who disclosed that the game was certainly first of its kind in Nigeria and possibly in Africa, noted that the game would showcase the history of Anambra State, its giant strides and tourist sites, while the Secretary, Mr Chigozie Obiora, stressed that the game would help to engage the youths in more positive ways. 
Three New Brands Of Innoson Vehicles, Automated Robotic Spraying Booth Inaugurated At Nnewi
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-13 06:56:36CategoriesState The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Chief Niyi Adebayo has restated  the commitment of the Buhari led administration towards maximally supporting automated sector as it remains one of the major contributors to the Nation’s economy. The Minister stated this during the inauguration of three new brands of Innoson Vehicles and automated robotic spraying booth at Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing Company Nnewi.  Government House Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the three new brands of the Innoson Vehicles include Innoson seven seater shuttle, one point five engine capacity minibus, Innoson Connect one point five engine capacity car. Chief Adebayo while commending Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing company for being at the forefront in assisting the federal government in creating employment opportunities, and growing the country's economy, maintained that the contributions of the sector cannot be overemphasized.  Contributing, the Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning, Hajia Zainab Ahmed disclosed that the federal government has already initiated measures to ensure increased patronage of Nigerian made automobiles as a way of encouraging indigenous manufacturers, and explained that the Ministry has also initiated discussion with relevant authorities towards creating scheme to promote consumer credit and financial inclusion.  In a remark, Governor Willie Obiano represented by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke emphasized on the contribution of the Innoson Vehicle manufacturing company to the growth of Nigeria economy and creation of job opportunities for the teaming youths, called on federal government to encourage the company by patronizing it.  The Chairman of Innoson Vehicle Manufacturing Company, Chief Innocent Chukwuma assured that his company will continue to maintain quality production, and identified epileptic power supply as one of the major challenges facing industries in Nigeria which the government must tackle.  
NSCDC  Nabs  Two Suspects Over Adulterated Kerosene At Ihiala Council Area
AuthorCHIBUZOR OBIDIKEDate2021-07-13 06:48:04CategoriesState The Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, NSCDC, Anambra State Command has arrested two suspects for attempting to move adulterated kerosene. The State Commandant of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, Mr Vincent Ogu disclosed this while parading the suspects at the command’s headquarters in Awka. Chibuzor Obidike was there and reports that according to Mr Ogu, the suspects were intercepted by the Anti-Vandalism Squad along Onitsha-Owerri Expressway Ihiala on the thirtieth of last Month.  The suspects are Chukwuebuka Kalu and Sọlọmọn Ogbonna. The agency also intercepted a bus with Lagos State registration number 827YD containing diesel at Okija, all in Ihiala Local Government Area while the suspects abandoned their vehicle and its contents and took to their heels. Mr Ogu said that parading the suspects is to sound a warning to all criminal elements to relocate as the command has strategically positioned twenty-four hour surveillance on all entrance and exits of the State.  It said the agency is geared towards reducing crime and anti-social behavior, enhance safety as well as provide water tight security in the State. He commended the security friendly disposition of Governor Willie Obiano and assured that officers and men of the command are motivated to ensuring serious service delivery. Confessing to the crime, one of the suspects Mr. Ogbonna pleaded for lenience.  
Commentary: The Good Works Of Dr. Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano
AuthorIfy ObinaboDate2021-07-12 07:34:21CategoriesColumnist Mothers, no doubt, are our superheroes and biggest supporters. They are our first, best and forever friends. When you are looking at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know. Mothers are like glue. Even when you cannot see them, they are still holding the family together.
And that is why the wife of the governor of Anambra State, Dr Ebelechukwu Obiano, few days ago, mobilized women within and outside the Anambra state in the 2021 famous Mothers’ Summit in Awka.
It would be recalled that the Anambra State Government, in July 2007, institutionalized Mothers’ Summit as an annual celebration. Since Osodieme came on board, it has become a platform that provides the panacea for continuous engagement with communities and to strengthen further, the grass root development paradigm currently being experienced in the State.
This year’s summit, whose theme is: “Fighting Gender-based Violence in a COVID-19 World”, presents a unique opportunity to critically evaluate the fundamental challenges faced by women, children, Persons with Disability and other vulnerable groups.
Available statistics reveal that thirty percent of women and girls in Nigeria, aged between fifteen and forty-nine, are experiencing one form of abuse or the other, and with the health restrictions caused by COVID-19 pandemic, social observers fear that more persons would be affected. It was as a result of these tensions that the governor’s wife, Osodieme, Mama Anambra, insisted that more emphasis be placed on tackling the issue in the area of awareness creation and grassroots sensitization.
Notably, Dr. Mrs. Obiano’s NGO, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative, CAFE, stands at the forefront of the campaign against any form of violence against women. CAFÉ has trained and empowered indigent women and youths and has helped to boost self-reliance among vulnerable women.
Furthermore, Dr Mrs Obiano, as at the last count, has built about 30 brand new bungalows and handed over, free of charge, to indigent widows across Anambra State. CAFE has equally constructed 32 modern public toilets in rural markets across the State. Also, to assist women in hard-to-reach communities, Osodieme has completed about 57 water borehole projects to complement government efforts in water supply.
In the same vein, Osodieme has facilitated free corrective surgeries for over 200 children and persons with congenital mouth disorders of Cleft lip and Cleft palate. CAFÉ has also provided over 3,000 physically challenged persons with prosthetic limbs and mobility aides. Perhaps, the most impactful and enduring programme of the NGO is in the promotion of human capital development with over 6,000 beneficiary women, widows and physically challenged trained and empowered in various skills under its Skills Training and Empowerment programme. All these acts of humanity by her Excellency, have earned her recognitions, awards and decorations, both home and abroad.
Mothers should, however, complement Osodieme’s efforts to uplift women and the girl-child. They must always observe the behavior of their children, and ensure that they are always occupied with fruitful ventures because duty lies on everyone to rid the society of anti- social activities.
Again, there is the need for an enabling legislation against gender-based violence and legal framework against household violence against women and minors. There is no doubt that the fight against gender-based violence requires an approach that is both liberating and self-sustaining, though, socio-economic emancipation remains the shortest route to ending the ugly trend.
There is also the need for proper awareness, sex education and strengthening of economic status of low-income families as some solutions to gender-based violence.
Admittedly, the summit has helped to expose the women to various societal issues, which they need to tackle for positive living. Dr Mrs Ebelechukwu Obiano, Osodieme, Mama Anambra should be commended for being a shining example to women and for empowering them with equipment such as garri grinding machine, palm kernel processing machine and other donations.
Basketball: Nigerians Celebrate Victory Over USA
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-12 07:29:58CategoriesSport Nigerian fans have expressed delight as Nigeria shocked the United States 90-87 in a pre-Olympic basketball friendly in Las Vegas, Nevada.   With six National Basketball, NBA, players and former NBA head Coach, Mike Brown at the helm, Nigeria became the first African nation to beat the USA, who were playing the first of a five of tune-up games before the Tokyo Olympics.   Nigeria, which had twelve NBA players in its forty-nine man training camp in California, and seven in uniform on Saturday, was led by Gabe Vincent with twenty-one points.   Nigeria’s win came nine years after the United States crushed the Nigerians 156-73 at the London Olympic. 
Obiano Inaugurates School Hall Renovated By Nigerian Army At Ogbunike, Oyi Council Area
AuthorEMMANUEL OKONKWODate2021-07-12 07:28:03CategoriesState Governor Willie Obiano has called for concerted efforts in the development of education sector of the State.   Governor Obiano made the call during the commissioning of school hall renovated for Cave City Secondary School, Ogbunike in Oyi Local Government Area by the Department of Civil Military Affairs, Nigerian Army Headquarters, Abuja, on behalf of an illustrious son of Ogbunike community, Major-General Charles Ofoche.   Correspondent, Emmanuel Okonkwo reports that the Governor represent by his Deputy, Dr Nkem Okeke while describing quality education as the bedrock of any society, called on both individuals and groups in Anambra State to look for a way to invest in the education sector of the State for the benefit of the upcoming generation, pointing out that the Government alone cannot do it all.   He commended Major-General Ofoche for facilitating the project, and encouraged others to emulate him.   Earlier in an address, the Chief of Army Staff, Lieutenant General Faruque Yaya represented by Commanding Officer 302 Onitsha Artillery Regiment, Major General Taruf Lagbaja, noted that the Nigerian Army is not only after the security of Nigeria citizens, but also contributes to their welfare through the Civil Military Affairs Department, and solicited for people's support to security agencies at all times.   The facilitator of the project, Major-General Ofoche, who restated his love for his community, commended Ogbunike people for embracing peace and unity, which he noted are synonymous to progress and development of any society, and expressed hope that the school will judiciously use the hall.   On his part, the Principal of the school, Engineer Augustine Okafor commended Major-General Ofoche for chosen the school for the project, and assured that the facility will be properly managed, even as he called on other illustrious sons and daughters of the community to come forward and invest in education sector, as a way of immortalizing their names.   The Governor was, during the event, presented with award of excellence by Cave City Secondary School Ogbunike. 
Cleric Cautions Christians Against Antics Of False Prophets
AuthorAMAKA OKOYEDate2021-07-12 07:25:28CategoriesState The Archdeacon, Nawfia Archdeaconry and Vicar of Saint Michael And All Angel's Church, Nawfia, Venerable Ifeanyi Umeh says Jesus Christ is the hope of all Christians and their refuge at all times.   Venerable Umeh stated this in a sermon during a Church service with the theme “the name of thy Lord is a strong tower, the righteous run into it and are saved”.   He noted that help which men can offer is limited, but in the lord, everything is bountiful and unlimited, but requires dedication and persistence in Christ’s teaching.   He highlighted what Christians stand to benefit if they continue to live according to God’s will, calling on youths to be mindful of their life styles.  At Mount Zion Redeemed Bible Church, Awka, Reverend Sam Dike emphasized the importance of offering and tithing, which is a mandate from God.   Reverend Dike, whose message centered on “covenant of divine wealth”, disclosed that acquiring wealth or ability to live successful life is not necessarily devilish, pointing out that only the redeemed and those in Jesus Christ can move with the anointing of divine wealth.   At Saint Matthews Catholic Church, Amawbia, the Parish Priest, Reverend Father Michael Onwukaike frowned at the rate which some families and homes are being destroyed with false prophecies.   Reverend Father Onwukaike, in his homily said it is expected that Christians should do away with those who destroy and mar their lives in the name of prophecy, stating that the word of God is straight and open.   Correspondent Amaka Chibuzor Okoye reports that in all the Churches visited, prayers, praises and thanksgiving featured during the services. 
NGO, Nduka Foundation Rewards Pupils From Nri,  Abagana Communities For Excellence
AuthorBLESSING UCHENDUDate2021-07-12 07:20:55CategoriesState A non-governmental organization, Nduka Foundation, has rewarded Primary school pupils from Nri and Abagana communities for excellent academic performance.   The award ceremony held at Nri, Anaocha Local Government Area, was to celebrate pupils who took first, second and third positions in examinations organized by the foundation for pupils from five primary schools in Nri and eleven primary schools in Abagana.   Correspondent Blessing Uchendu reports that Nduka Foundation is a charity organization that helps indigent children, widows and other less privileged members of the society through academic scholarships.  The foundation also promotes gender sensitive education and offers scholarships to physically challenged students, as well as rehabilitates mentally challenged persons.   Speaking at the event, the President of Nduka Foundation, Dr Chinwe Nduka, represented by a former President General of Nri Progress Union, Chief Frank Oraekie, said that the awards were to encourage the pupils to become outstanding in academic pursuit and assured that more students would benefit in subsequent editions.  On his part, the Executive Chairman, Anambra State Univeral Basic Education Board, Chief Patrick Ugboaja, represented by the Permanent Board member, Mr Okey Adichie, said that Anambra State is acclaimed for educational excellence in Nigeria and urged other well-to-do individuals in the society to emulate the benefactor.   Coordinators of the foundation, Chief Emma Okafor and Reverend Sister Rona Onwuadi, in their remarks, said that by rewarding the students, the foundation is giving them every necessary tool to succeed and give back to their families and society.   In their various remarks, the Chairman on the occasion who is also the President General of Abagana Town Union, Sir Ikem Onwuadi, the President General of Nri Progress Union, Chief Kelvin Obiegbunam, Mrs Fransisca Officha and Chief Pascal Oraekie commended the foundation for the humanitarian gesture, noting that the recognition would motivate the pupils to realize their full potential.  The overall winner, Miss Nmasichukwu Okafor, from Saint Mark's Primary School, Abagana and her mother, Mrs Christiana Okafor thanked the organizers of the event for the great honor and promised to continue to study hard.   The event featured presentation of certificates and cash prices to the benefiting pupils and teachers from both Nrị and Abagana communities and performance by students. 
Anambra Lawmaker Ibida Urges Communities To Protect Govt Facilities
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-12 07:15:32CategoriesState The Chairman Anambra State House of Assembly Committee on Local Government and Chieftaincy Matters,  Dr Pete Ibida, has charged the citizenry to always protect government facilities in their various areas against vandalization. Speaking on ABS Radio programme which centered on protecting government facilities in Communities, Dr Ibida, who called on the people to take full ownership of government facilities in their various areas, said that Governor Willie Obiano has through the Community Choose your project initiative ensured even development   in the hinterland. Dr Ibida who is also the member representing Njikoka constituency two in the Anambra State House of Assembly, disclosed that Governor Obiano has through his purposeful leadership restored people’s confidence in governance. He called on Ndi Anambra to continue with their support and prayers for Governor Willie Obiano for enhanced development of the State Contributing, another guest on the programme, who is the traditional ruler of Umuawulu in Awka South Local Government Area, Igwe Joel Egwuonwu, commended Governor Willie Obiano for providing the dividends of democracy to the people at the grassroots. Igwe Egwuonwu who congratulated Governor Obiano on the award of excellence bestowed on him, by the State beneficiaries of the World Bank assisted community and social development project additional financing, appealed to philanthropists to assist the government in providing social amenities for the well-being of the people. 
Bishop Ezeofor Cautions Against Use Of Leadership Position For Intimidation
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-12 07:13:59CategoriesState The Anglican Bishop of Aguata Diocese, Right Reverend Samuel Ezeofor has advised Christians not to allow anything prevent them from following Christ. In a sermon at Saint Peters Church Lomu Umunze in Orumba South Local Government Area during a service of confirmation and admission into Women's and Girls Guild as well as Anglican Men's fellowship for all the parishes under Umunze Archdeaconry, Bishop Ezeofor described Jesus Christ as a special gift from God who came to salvage mankind. Bishop Ezeofor who cautioned Christians against giving flimsy excuses while called upon to follow Jesus, maintained that such excuses will not be accepted by God. He said that Jesus Christ has all it takes to fill every void in human Life and called on Christians to embrace Him with open arms in order to have eternal life. Bishop Ezeofor who said that God entrusted leadership positions on individuals for them to use such to impact positively on the lives of the people regretted that some people  are using such position to Intimidate others and called for an attitudinal change. He charged those that received the sacrament of confirmation and those that were admitted Into Women's and Girls guild as well as Anglican Men's fellowship to see their new position as an opportunity to renew their relationship with God. The Archdeacon of Umunze Archdeaconry Venerable Nwachineke Ekwueme and Vicar of Saint Peters Church Lomu Umunze Reverend Justin Anyaogu, charged Christians to anchor their faith in God in view of the numerous challenges facing the society. One hundred and three candidates received the sacrament of confirmation while forty-four Girls were admitted into the Girls Guild and sixty-seven Women into the Women's Guild respectively. Four men were also admitted into the Anglican Men's fellowship by the Diocesan bishop during the service. 
Tansian University Umunya Secures NUC Approval For Faulty Of Law, Others
AuthorOGGORCHUKWU ORANUDate2021-07-12 07:11:43CategoriesState Tansian University Umunya has secured approval from the National Universities Commission, NUC, for its Faculty of Law with degree programmes in Commercial and Civil Law and Faculty of Health Sciences and Technology with degree programme in Nursing Science. The Vice Chancellor of the university, Professor Eugene Nwadialor announced this during the school's fourteenth Matriculation ceremony held at the university convocation arena. Professor Nwadialor told the matriculants that Tansian University is faith- based institution where there is no room for examination malpractice or any form of cultism and other corrupt practices maintaining that in the university, teaching and learning is dynamic.  The Vice Chancellor thanked the new Chancellor of the University, Most Reverend Peter Okpaleke of the Catholic Diocese of Ekwulobia for his timely intervention after the death of the Founder, Monsignor Professor John Bosco Akam. Four hundred students were admitted into five faculties of Management and Social Sciences, Natural and Applied Sciences, Education, Law and Health Sciences and Technology.  Earlier in a homily during a mass which ushered in the ceremony, the Assistant Registrar, Exams and Records of the university, Reverend Father Justin Egbe urged the students to work hard to appreciate the sacrifices made by their parents. Some of the matriculants, Favour Okwodu, Chiuwa Oforji and Chinonso Ezichi expressed happiness for being admitted into the University promising to work hard to justify their parents' efforts while a parent, Mrs Juliet Ezichi said the university has a conducive environment for learning and advised the students to concentrate on their studies.  The event featured symbolic signing of Matriculation Register and interactive session between parents and the university authority. A minute silence was also observed for the late founder of the university, Monsignor Professor John Bosco Akam during the ceremony. 
NDLEA Intercepts N6.5Bn Worth Of Heroin In Lagos
AuthorEKWI AJIDEDate2021-07-12 07:08:10CategoriesNigeria Operatives of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency, NDLEA, have intercepted a consignment of twenty six point one -five -zero kilograms of heroin with a street value of over six point five billion naira at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport, MMIA, Ikeja, Lagos.
The illicit drug had arrived Lagos in twenty five parcels from South Africa through Airpeace Airline flight on thirtieth June, 2021 and was detained for screening following suspicions about the content of the consignment.

A follow up operation was subsequently carried out the following day, when narcotic officers of the MMIA command trailed a driver and the clearing agent that were assigned to deliver the consignment to the house of a suspected baron, Tony Chidi Onwurolu at No. 132 Lateef Adegboyega Street, off Ago palace way by Grandmate bus stop Okota, Lagos.
During the follow up operation, Tony Chidi Onwurolu who mounted a counter-surveillance around his neighbourhood fled his home before the arrival of the team of operatives who stormed his residence. They however searched his home and recovered a number of documents to establish his true identity.
In the same vein, operatives of the Command also intercepted a four point three kilogrammes of skunk imported from Canada.
 The package, which came on Ethiopian Airline, was concealed in nine packs of cereals.

Also on 9th July, one Babatunde Usman Omogbolahan Bakare was intercepted by NDLEA operatives with five hundred and fifty grams of cannabis and fifty grams of Rohypnol (Flunitrazepam) concealed in six jerry cans of local herbal mixtures called Gabo also at the MMIA, Ikeja.
 Last Tuesday, operatives of the MMIA Command, conducted a follow-up operation at Gate 2, Ladipo Oluwole Street, opposite Guinness Bottling Company, Ikeja, where one Animashaun Kabiru was apprehended for questioning about a bag containing bitter cola, which was brought for export to the UK. When the bag of bitter kola was searched, it was discovered that the bitter kola were mixed with some wraps of a substance suspected to be illicit drug.
Thirty-six wraps of the suspected substance later tested positive for Cocaine weighing six hundred grams.
In a related development, an Uber driver, Lawal Tunde Rasheed, arrested on 8th June in connection with the seizure of a cocaine consignment has been let off the hook following his cooperation that led to the arrest of the real owner of the drug, Mr. Egbo Emmanuel Maduka, who in his statement accepted ownership of the consignment and absolved Lawal of any complicity.

Reacting to the development, the Chairman/Chief Executive of NDLEA, retired Brigadier General Mohamed Buba Marwa, directed that the fleeing suspected drug baron, Tony Chidi Onwurolu be declared wanted and his details submitted to Interpol for tracking across the globe.
He also directed the Agency's Directorate of Assets and Financial Investigations as well as the Directorate of Intelligence to deploy their networks to fast track the arrest of Onwurolu.
Marwa said owing to the volume of heroin brought into the country by the fleeing suspect, the Agency would deploy all available mechanisms, locally and internationally, to track him down and bring him to face charges in the law court.
While commending officers and men of the MMIA Command of the Agency for the series of seizures and arrests in the past week, Gen. Marwa asked them not to rest on their oars, adding that they all need to remain fully prepared and proactive at all times to battle the scourge to a standstill.
Commentary: 2021 World Population Day
AuthorDANIEL EZEIGWEDate2021-07-11 07:17:44CategoriesColumnist The 2021 World Population Day is yet another global opportunity to dissect some social-health challenges confronting the human population. The event, which began as modest social advocacy, has matured into a global call, deliberating on pertinent topics each year.
The main aim of observing a special day on world population is to throw light on the issues that may arise on planet earth with the constant rise in population. It is to spread awareness that, if we burden the earth with too many people, it can harm the environment.
World Population Day is also observed to spread awareness about family planning, gender equality, human rights, poverty, maternal health, and health issues that childbearing women face around the world. The day, as is sparsely misconstrued in certain contexts, does not preach negative influence on population decline like voluntary deaths and demeaning laws that target population cuts. World Population Day examines obtainable population data, their effects on human lives and the long-term danger to the globe.
The 2021 World Population Day has adopted a closely-knitted theme: “Rights and Choices are the answer: Whether baby boom or bust, the solution to shifting fertility rates lies in prioritizing the reproductive health and rights of all people.” According to the latest estimates by the United Nations, the present world population stands at over seven point nine billion.
The population may have increased because almost every minute, there is a baby born somewhere in the world. Yet as per the United Nations estimates, world population is anticipated to reach eight billion by 2023, nine billion by 2037, and a whopping ten billion by 2057.  These scary figures tell different narratives to different worldviews, however, analysts fear that with the global population rising at such trajectory, the issues of gender-based violence and some harmful cultural practices that stigmatize women and girls would continue to find dominance in the human society.
The United Nations data indicates that the COVID-19 pandemic has compromised health care systems, particularly in the area of sexual and reproductive health. It also exposed and exacerbated gender-based inequities: gender-based violence increased under lockdown, as did the risk of child marriage and female genital mutilation as programmes to abolish the harmful practices were disrupted.
Significant numbers of women left the labour force – their often low-paying jobs were eliminated or care giving responsibilities for children learning remotely or for homebound older people increased – destabilizing their finances, not just for now but in the long run.
Against this backdrop, many countries are expressing growing concern over changing fertility rates. Historically, alarmism over fertility rates has led to abrogation of human rights.
The United Nations Population Fund, UNFPA, advises against reactionary policy responses, which can be extremely harmful if they violate rights, health and choices. The agency emphasizes that women must be empowered educationally, economically and politically to exercise choice over their bodies and fertility.
Therefore, as the world continues to battle the realities of population growth, attention must be given to creating an environment that does not just protect women and girls, but also ensures that population growth is trimmed in the right pattern, without ruining global count. While more education-based awareness on relevant social issues must continue to be created, especially at the grassroots, the general society must also rise to the task of safeguarding the planet that we live in as the home that we have.
Anambra State Govt Reassures On  Sustaining Youth Empowerment Programmes
AuthorReporterDate2021-07-11 07:15:50CategoriesState Anambra State Government has reassured of its commitment to sustaining various youth empowerment intervention programmes as veritable means of fighting poverty and restiveness in the state. The State Commissioner for Youth Empowerment and Creative Economy, Prof. Theresa Obiekezie, said this while receiving the Executive Committee Members of the National Youth Council of Nigeria, Njikoka Local Government Area, Chapter, during a courtesy call in her office. She explained that the government had initiated various youth empowerment and development programmes, aimed at equipping them with the skills to drive them into economic sustainability and entrepreneurship. While stating that her Ministry had carried out some skills acquisition programmes in partnership with some agencies, she decried an apparent apathy by the youths on issues of skills acquisition in preference for white collar jobs. The Commissioner told the delegation that the government would always provide the needed enabling environment to the youths to explore and maximize their potential so as to add value to the society. She, then, commended the organisation for embarking on various career development activities in their locality in partnership with the private sector, urging them not to relent. Earlier, the Coordinator of NYCN, Njikoka LGA, Chapter, Mr. Godwin Okoye, extolled the commissioner for initiating life-changing programmes that had positively impacted lives on the youths in the state. 
